You know that what I do is write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress as a farmer, or with leather clothing, and nobody has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and epidemiologists.
And you know that an epidemic is usually something you fall down somewhere.
You just have to turn the apple to see it as an epidemic.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bulgaria.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in Stock, Ohio where I was the rare of the class.
When they were beaten to blood every week in the boys' bathroom, a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life by letting me go into the teacher's bathroom.
I did it in secret.
for three years.
I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and ended up in San Francisco, California -- found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fight AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night, I got a phone call from that teacher, Mr. Potter who said,``I need to see.
I'm disillusioned that we have never met ourselves.
You could come to Ohio, and please bring that man who I know you've already found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to join me with this please . ''
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland.
We went to see it, we laughed, we cried, and we realized that she needed to be hospitally.
We found a place, we tried it, and we cared about it, and we got rid of her family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to meet me as an adult came to meet me, it became a penny box, and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, he had become a circle -- and that epidemic that I talked to you about was present itself.
The epidemic is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved her.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
I need truth and beauty, and I am very happy that today I talked a lot about this.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, the connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica almost 10 years ago, and I saw my first capsules.
I was amazed.
My heart beating fast, I was killed, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The computers around me would get out of the water almost 60 meters, and I couldn't even think that it was a snowflake about another snow of snow year after year.
The iceberg is born when they get rid of the glaciers or break the ice bars.
Each iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them refuse to slow down and hold up to the end, whereas others can't support it more and fall down into a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a iceberg, that are isolated apart and alone, largely as we see ourselves sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a iceberg melts, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As a iceberg is melts, it releases rich water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
Now, I'm going to photograph these computers as if it would be the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these unique moments there are that way and not going to exist that way again.
It's not death when they melt it; it's not a end, but a continuation of your path for the cycle of life.
Part of the iceberg that I photographed is very young -- it's got a couple thousand years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I'd like to show you is a iceberg I photographed in Kermaid, Greenland.
It's very often to be able to get a rolling iceberg.
You have it.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts rolling, the boat has moved into the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a Greek iceberg, the average size.
It's about 120 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one of us getting a baby . Okay.
So two couples each with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much on the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about the conception itself, I'm not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and sperm is joined to chromosome X.
And in the other case, the sperm X chromosome is joined to chromosome X.
They both understand and start life.
We'll come back to talk about them later.
In my ground activity, I'll be able to get two roles.
In one of my roles, I work with the history of anatomy.
I'm a training historian, and what I study in this case is the way people addressed anatomy -- -- namely, human bodies and animals, how they have considered the body fluids, the idea of the body -- what have thought about the body.
The other role that performance in my work is an activist, as a patient advocate, or, as I say sometimes, an impact of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical characteristics defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with size twins, two people within a same body.
I've worked with people with email; people much lower than the average.
And I've worked with many cases with outliers with outliers, individuals whose physical technology does not fit in male male schemes and conventional female schemes.
In general lines, we can call it extracting.
The insurgency adopted many forms.
I'm going to give you some examples of ways to have a sex that doesn't fit in the male or female common forms.
For example, there's the case of the individual with X-ray cremics whose Green gene of the chromosome, and he tells the protests, that we all have in the fetal life, which become testicles.
And then, in the fetal life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone receptors, the body does not react to the same.
It's the synthesizer of inspiration to the adults.
So there are high levels of testosterone, but no reaction.
As a consequence, the body develops a typical feminine course.
When it's born, the baby has a little girl.
It's a girl . It's raised as a girl.
And, often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the breasts, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes that something is happening.
After doing that, you realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's actually not that.
Women, like men, we have something called supermarket glands.
They're in the back of the body.
Survivor glands produce adults, the mountain hormone.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman; I don't know your computer structure, I I I will be a typical woman most of the women like me are sensitive to the adults.
We produce angers and we respond to the adults.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the adults that women who were born with testicles who have the syndrome of inspiration to the adults.
So sex is something complicated . It's not that the extraordinary ones are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere.
Another example: A few years ago I got a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as you will go; he had girlfriend, and sex relationships with her, he took a life as a boy and just discovered that he had ovaries and uterus.
He had an extreme form of a disease known as connected supermarket hypersonic.
He had 20th chromosomes, and in the uterus, the supermassive glands were so active that essentially they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genitals were made up, their brain was exposed to the hormone component typically male.
I was born with a child's -- nobody suspected anything.
And it was at age 19 when he started to have medical problems caused by the internal menstruation, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of exploration.
Some people with the 20th chromosomes develop what's known as optimistic, which is to say, they have the source tissue wrapped in the testicular tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason why children with these kinds of bodies -- whether they're dense, signal twins, or extremists are being used to normal surgery is not to be able to make a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason you're being applied to various surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being women is female identity -- supposedly, being black means to say having African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with the category.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture to the individuality.
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born like two people within a same body.
The last year, the last year with the South African corridor, put his sex in the International Games of Berlin.
Many journalists called to ask me,``What are you going to do to determine if Casey Senager is man or woman? ''
And I had to explain to journalists that there is no such test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't draw a line between men and women or men and wonders and women and extremists; we are who we are carrying that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more it advances science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomic categories that are directly correlated with stable identical categories -- they're much more diffuse than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something which is much more complicated than the terminology allows.
As we see, we get into a rough terrain.
Let's look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees.
What are you going to be able to make from them in just a few nucleotides?
And as we make progress in science, we get more and more in an awkward area in which we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we manage are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in every realm of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the U.S. today, are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights from the fetus of fetus.
There are very accelerated discussions today, maybe not in public, but I know within the medicine to when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to go to this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of people put a a pen in front of the nose, and if he moved they still didn't bury it.
If I stopped moving they buried it.
But today we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a result, we must face the dilemma to really determine someone's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And maybe you think that the category explosion could be happy to someone like me.
In politics, I'm a progressive, making people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I'm nervous.
I'll be able to find that these categories are much more unstable than we thought about.
Think from the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension, I have to admit that I'm a administration of the founding parents of the founding parents.
I know they were racist, I know they were sexist, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did, that I found each other to see that musical``1776 ,"and not for music, which is totally enough.
That's why it happened in 1776 with the founding parents.
The founding parents were, for me, the first activists of anatomy and explains why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept, and they replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as everybody remembers, what our founding parents were rejected was the idea of monarchy, and monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The monarchs of the old world didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it was coming to political power for the right blood rights of grandfather to father and then son, etc.
The founding parents rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomic concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They leveled the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the anatomical differences . That was a very radical thing.
And in part, they were doing it because they were part of an illustration system in which two things were happening.
The democracy was being held, and at the same time, the science was born.
And it's very clear, if we look at the history of the founding parents, that many were really interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were getting away from supernatural explanations, and therefore they rejected the concept of supernatural power that goes through a vague right idea of birth right.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if we look at, for example, the Declaration of Independence, they talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in a consequence, we were broadcasting the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And when you do that, they were feeling the foundations of the future of Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened years later?
And women succeeded.
And then he came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from the Salmon Trek, who said,``Am I a woman? ''
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying,``I am a man . ''
Again, people of color who passed the anatomical coincidence about the anatomical difference and, again, succeeded.
We see the same thing with the disability movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the coincidence we have to start to wonder why we keep certain divisions.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomical divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't want to say that we should give up the anatomy.
I don't want to say that the five-year-old were supposed to have sex or marry relationships.
There are some anatomic divisions that make sense and I think we should keep.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why to keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two beings that are concerned at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both of these concepts in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary, was born three months before time: June 1 , 1980.
Henry, on the contrary, was born in terms: March 1 in 1980.
By the fact that I've been born three months before Mary was attributed every three months before Henry -- right to Henry -- right to the sexual consent, the right to vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all that not because I have a different biological age, but because he was born after.
We found other branches in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered a man, if I haven't told you if it's XBG, in virtue of being considered a man now is possible for the mandatory energy that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary, for his part, don't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman alone in some states.
So they still have anatomic categories that in many ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science advanced so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on the anatomy could go away?
I don't want to quit science, but at the same time I feel like science is escapes.
Where do we go?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude:``Well, we have to draw the line somewhere, so we're going to do it . ''
But many people are stuck in a rare position.
So, for example, Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man, you don't have to have chromosomes, and to marry a woman, you have to have chromosome.
Now, in practice, they don't do a fancy test to people.
But this also is very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of the syndrome of inspiration to the adults.
If you look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech,``And I've come to dream"offers a solution.
He says we should judge people,``beating not in the color of their skin, but in the contents of their character ,"moving beyond the anatomy.
And I want to say,``Yes, the idea seems very good . ''
But in practice, how does it do?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character?
I want to point out, also, I'm not sure that I'm not sure we should be based on this to ensure rights to people, because I have to admit that I know about some of the prisoners that probably deserve the social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some speakers that I know can make more informed, smart and mature decisions about their sexual relationships than people in 40 I know.
So how do you put the subject of character content?
It's very difficult.
And a part of me is wondering what happens if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I do know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still guiding this current thinking of thinking about democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we're going to do good work in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like Iranian in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it's willing to use a sex shift, in which case allow you to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm happy to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon who I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made a young twin light to then separate them, and so on to get their fame.
But when the phone asked him the reason for the operation was a very risky operation, I was told that in that other country these kids would be very abused, and therefore I had to.
And I said,``Well, have you considered the political asylum instead of surgical separation? ''
America offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change for the good of the state.
So I think we have to be the head.
Well, to end, I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be like, or as it might have been, if we had given greater participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little radical for a feminist, and that is that I think there may be different ideas coming from different anatomic technologies, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in the insurgency, I've also been interested in researching the sexual difference.
And one of the things I've been interested in is the differences between men and women in the way of thinking and operating in the world.
And what we know about the quiet studies is that women, on average, not all, but average tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
years ago, when I was in the graduate, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in feminism -- I was considered feminist, as I was doing a strange plant.
\" Tell me what it has for feminism . ''
And I thought,``It's the dumb question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with pushing gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in feminism . ''
But the more I've thought about your question, the more I have seemed to be a female in feminism.
I mean, there might be something, on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attentive to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So, while parents were very attentive to find a way to protect people on the part of the state, it's possible that, in fact, there's more mothers in this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we make democracy beyond anatomy: thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect link, think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when each family thinks where you want to go to living and work, have the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't have a single city willing to get them together.
But the amazing thing about cities is they're worth much more than their cost of construction.
So we could easily deliver the world, maybe hundreds, of new cities.
Well, this may sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replaced by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments were already owned, and that the other half would still have to do it.
You could try to increase the capacity by making expanding in all the existing buildings.
But you know that the problem you're facing is that those buildings and areas around them have rules to avoid the nuisance and the building distribution.
So it would be very difficult to do all those things.
But they could go to a totally new place, build a completely new apartment building, always, and when the rules of that place facilitate the construction instead of putting it out.
So I proposed that governments will create new areas of reform enough to contain cities and gave them a name: low cities.
Later I learned that more or less at the same time, Java and October were thinking about the challenge of reform Honduras.
They knew that every year about 75,000 supernovae would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Honduras went through a heartbreaking constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Peace wolf was applied with a platform in which it promises reforms and at the same time.
He asked October to be his head of cabinet.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perfection, trial and error and a lot of tests with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and encourage all the current residents of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes so much of technologies as of rules to progress, and usually they are the rules that prevent us to move.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent a link with the TEDTalk.
He showed it to Java.
They called me.
They said,``Let's introduce this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December, we met in Miami, in a hotel conference room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York . Notice -- land that, in some cases, is worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion, and at some point, when there was a pause, October said,``Paul, maybe we could see the video of TEDTalk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city under the state is a place where you start with displayed terrain, a status that specifies the rules that will apply there and an option for people to choose whether they want to go or not live under those norms.
So the President of Honduras called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this might be the path for our country to advance.
He asked me to go to Peter and talk about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included a picture like this, who tried to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the risks that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that measures at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody applauded correctly.
The public faces were very serious and attentive.
The leader leader came up to the platform and said,``Professor Romer, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe we could see the video of TEDTalk talk.
I have this here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained the essential -- that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be an option of a city that you might be in Honduras, rather than hundreds of miles away from the North.
And it also includes new options for leaders.
Because the leaders of the government government would need help of partners associated, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them establish and make the standards of the state, so that everybody could trust the charter effectively.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is from there.
It could easily fit a thousand square miles.
And shortly after, January 19th, they voted in Congress to put up his constitution and add a constitutional device that allowed to create these special regions of development.
In a country that was just going through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional Amendment was 124 to one.
All parties, all the factors in society, they were back.
To include the Constitution, you have to pass twice in Congress.
The 17th of February was passed again in another voting, from 14 to one.
Immediately after the voting, from 21 to February 24, a 30 honesty delegation was to the two places in the world that are more interested in building cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big city center that's being built in South Korea -- it's bigger than the Boston center.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years getting permission.
The other country in the building of cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this in a practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come, and it would allow us to operate under a external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow his Supreme Court to be the last resort for this new judicial system.
There are urban planners and building cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know you've solved is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies that want to install in America, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go to living there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they'd like to immediately change another place.
There's a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to get their family to get a job; sometimes they're single mothers that have to earn money to just eat or buy clothes.
Sadly, sometimes even kids who are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what seems to be thinking about building a new city in Honduras?
Or do you build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it seem to be thinking about insisting so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my senior friends asked me to say,``Thank you TED . ''
I'm Jesse, and this is my worth.
But before I show you what there is inside, I'm going to make a public confession, and that is, I live obsessed with suits.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog, and I'd come back, colorful and different for each time.
But it doesn't buy anything new.
All of my clothes is a second hand of thumb markets and second-hand stores.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my guard in the environment and in my wallet.
I get to know interesting people; usually my money goes to a good cause; my appearance is unique; and buying it becomes my personal pursuit of treasures.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is my shop?
I like color?
Does it cost less than 20 dollars?
If all answers are positive, then I feel that I've won.
Going back to the theme of my journey, I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you bring with someone who has all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought.
I've brought seven pairs of underwear, and nothing else.
indoor clothes for a week is everything I've put on my valley.
I thought I would be able to find everything else I'd like to use after I got here to Palm Springs.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walked on TED in underwear, that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets this week.
Doesn't sound interesting?
While I do it, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, believe it or not, I learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is called bright tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see well.
You can almost always see you phenomenal for less than 50 dollars.
All the set, including the jacket, cost me 55, and it's the most expensive thing I've ever used in the week.
Monday: color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be a bad mood, when you're seeing a bright red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: integration is surprised.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you surround the right people, you don't just understand you, you'll also appreciate you.
Wednesday: guide of the child in it.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the enjoyed, or I remember them at the age of seven . .
I like to smile them and say,``Thank you . ''
Thursday: trust is the key.
If you think you see you well with something, it's pretty sure you are.
And if you think you don't look good at something, it's probably also true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, you don't look at you.
So there's no excuse for anyone in this audience.
We must be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Friday: A universal truth six words for you: the golden legs go with everything.
And finally, Saturday: I'm going to develop a single, unique way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people approached me this week just because of what I was using . And we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home to Brooklyn, I will donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to get emotionally to these things, because around the corner, there will always be another crazy, colorful, brilliant suit waiting, if there's a little love in my heart and search for.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we used a scale to measure the competence of every hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logical.
This would be somebody who is totally intuitive.
So where would you put your brain on this scale?
Some of them would opt for one of these extremes, but I believe that for most of the members of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a big deal in both hemispheres at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, which just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists, we need quite logical to connect these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need quite intuition to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We put them together, and then we see how they react, and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
A certain intuition that you can have developed with the years's step is that one thing can be alone in one place at the time.
I mean, it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion, they developed it.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
He was a small kid, and he didn't do it very well, it always fell tired.
But I bet that playing with that parking bar taught him a valuable lesson, and that is that big things don't allow the trauma, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have from the world, except you're a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play parking bars, play with these strange little particles.
And when you play with your particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called it theory of quantum mechanics.
At that point, the physics was found a few years ago -- you need quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need it to describe the big objects around us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes play with them, but not much.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody ever saw a particle.
But it didn't fit right to my logical part.
Because if everything is made from small particles, and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it follow the principles of quantum mechanics?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't.
And therefore I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object is also the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanics.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle.
That's the piece of metal I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to expand a little bit . It's right in the center.
And then here we do a good approach to the little metal trick.
What we see is a little piece of metal, with the form of trampoline, and it's supported in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I went to work all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to do this origin with a form of swimming swimming that is underneath the device.
This device has the ability to be in quantum overlap, but for it, it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator, I do all kinds of weird things, but then other people go up to do those things, because I don't want to bother them, or, actually, to scare.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave the same way.
The travel partners of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that makes it and the wind that goes next to their side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this metal piece to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to expose all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We turn out the lights, then we introduced a vacuum and we extracted all the air, and then we cool it to a temperature of less than a degree above the absolute zero.
Now, when you're just in the elevator, the little piece of metal is free to act as wants.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered that it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating, and the way I vibrate was like a breath like this -- like a force that expands and contracts.
And by giving a smooth push, we were able to make it vibrate and not vibrate at the same time -- something that just happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a living thing and doesn't live at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the atoms that make that piece of metal are still still, and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's only in instant determined when those are aligned.
In the rest of time, they're developed.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth getting on a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the difference in scale between one atom and that metal piece is more or less the same as the difference between that metal piece and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why don't you too?
I mean, it's my logical part that speaks.
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time, what would that be?
How would you act your consciousness if your body was developed in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we turned the lights and looked inside the box, we saw that the metal kept there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all of the objects in the elevator are actually only quantum objects that are simply made in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the profound queerness of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amy.
And 18 months ago, I did another work at Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss who is here and allowed me to take it out.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I'm sure, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on demo.
There's a lot of stories of why we did it.
I think my own story is simply explained, and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
I get a lot of education -- I'm not complaining, but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a big team of people, and we started doing it.
Better than showing the demo to then explain a couple of interesting things that we've taken from their launch.
So, just: we go to Bobbid.
Look around all the museums there are.
There's the Facebook gallery, the MoMA, the Edinburgh, the Kuzzilesales, the Van Gogh.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, to the Metropolitan, the New York Museum museum.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We click, and, oh, we're already inside the museum.
No matter where they are, Bombay or Mexico, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and you have fun.
Do you want to navigate the museum?
We opened the plane up, and, with one click, we jump inside.
They're inside, you want to go at the end of the hallway.
Keep it forward . That's fun!
Explorer.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm standing in front of one of my favorite paintings,``The Holocaus"from Pieter Brenchyland in the Metropolitan.
I see the skin +.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the metadata of metadata.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the glighter technology.
So this image, for example, contains, I, I think, about 10 million pixels.
And there are many people who ask me,``What do you get with 10 million pixels? ''
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10 million pixels.
It can be done around very simple.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to slow down.
So I started playing, and I found myself with something that happened there.
And I said,``A moment, this seems interesting . ''
I came in and discovered that children were actually playing something.
I was a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan, and actually discovered that this is a game called``unconscious], which is to hit a sea with a stick on the Mars of Carvilla . ''
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did it, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper in depth and see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now, just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to leave the picture, so you really see what's there.
This is where we were, and this is painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're quick to jump again to MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites,``The Nine Night . ''
The example I showed was to find detail.
But what if you want to see the paintbrush?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece?
It increases it, and it really does.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to cracks.
This is``The Student Night ,"I never saw it before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There's a lot of things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part . It's called``collections . ''
All of you, absolutely everybody, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a mansion, that gives you the same.
You can online your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we've created this function that I call the power of the boom, -- we just made a boom around.
It's about``The Bumblebees"in London National Gallery.
You can stick things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you look at these masterpieces.
So in conclusion, I think that for me, the main thing is that all incredible things don't really come from Google.
No, in my opinion, even they don't come from the museums either.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope in this digital medium to do justice to your art and it's represented properly online.
And the great question that they do today is,``Do you do this to repeat the experience of going to a museum? ''
And the answer is not.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's all . Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a pixel, a flying pixel.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
Let me tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian origin, every child in Italy grew up with this picture on the wall of his bedroom, but the reason I showed you this is that it's happened something very interesting in formula's careers in the last two decades.
It's a time ago, if you wanted to win a formula of formula one, I would take a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the career.
This is what, in engineering, is called real time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components: a sensor and an actuators.
What's interesting today is that control systems in real time are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronics.
They're becoming a free computer.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently and can be detected and activated.
Conditioning cities is big.
As a separate note, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- and up to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be something big.
Beyond cities, all of these detect and activation are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Palifornia, by the late year at MoMA, during summer.
It's called``Talk to Me . ''
Well, our objects, our environment, start talking to us.
It's kind of like almost all the existing atoms became sensors and actuators.
And that's completely changing the interaction that we humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo.
You know, when Michelangelo angel sculpted the Moses, you say, at the end, I took the hammer, and he brought it to the Moses -- you can still see a little melody underneath, and he said shouting,``Isn't perceived? ''
Well, today, our environment starts to talk to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples -- insist in the idea of capturing the environment and taking something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer with luck in 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup.
Maybe some of you remember it, they played Italy and France, and at the end, Zinin gave the head.
And anyway, it won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at activity happening on the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the Uber River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
In the early afternoon, there are people around here, and there you call, moving.
It starts the game: silence.
Google de France . Gulf of Italy.
It's trained; people make a quick call and go to the bathroom.
A second time . End of the time.
First time, second . .
Zipins, and in a moment, the head.
Man Italy, yeah!
That night, everybody went to celebrate the center.
You see the big peak.
The next day they went to the center to find the winning team and the Prime Minister.
And then everybody came down.
You see the image of the place called circus Marine where, from the time, people are going to celebrate; it's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how the pulse of the city can be measured in a way that we wouldn't have done just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection: it's not about people, but things we use and consume.
Today we know all about the procedure of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac, how they assemble.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project we developed a little bit of small tags to track the garbage in its shift by the system.
We started with volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than one year ago, to tag what they were throwing out -- different kinds of things, as you can see, things that would anyway throw.
Then we put a little chip, a tag, to the trash, and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
I'm standing from Seattle.
After a week.
With this information, we realized that there are lots of implications in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist before.
So complicated things are happening, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we think is that if you look at all the days that the cup that we shine doesn't disappear, it's still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we throw on a day is still there.
That if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason.
My colleague at MIT, Asia Bihar, could tell us a much more about detecting and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Zurich.
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of use of water in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, join that?
And one of the ideas we developed at MIT, in a workshop, was, imagine that you have a mess and valves, the solar valves, the languages that are open and closes.
It's created as a water curtain, with water pixels.
If you run the pixels, you can write in them, show patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open so that we can pass, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Black mayor.
He liked it very much.
It's a commission to design the building to the entrance of the expo.
We call it the Digital Water Palestinian.
The entire building is made of water.
There are no windows or windows, but when you get it open, it opens up so you can pass.
The ceiling is also covered with water.
And if there's a little wind, if you want to minimize the salaries, you go down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days there will always be somebody, in the winter, when you go down the roof, someone who was there and said,``Give me the building . ''
No, it's not that they've been demolished, but when it comes down almost all architecture disappears.
Here is working.
You see the people who are intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am, trying not to make the sensors that open water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the children in Zurich came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that would be opened to let you pass, but a building that kept doing cutting and water holes, and you had to jump out and not get wet.
( People) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about use that people will give us our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And it's the beauty of doing things to interact, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels, water pixels, and projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I will show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air, and that each one has a little pixel that changes color as if a cloud moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one that we saw before, which moves with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the pixels.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appears in different scales and sizes, in different types of resolution.
And then all of that could be a pollute cloud in 3D that you can zoom in, and go through, and see from very diverse angles.
This is the real controlled Flex, going down to form a V as before.
When you turn light, you see this . The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by one person.
We can have every pixel with an entrance that comes from people, the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bolt -- of the best ballet dancers of today, the star of the New York City and from the Milan Scala to capture their movements in 3D and use them as a for the Model . .
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels, the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digitization in real time as a movement capture.
It can reconstruct the whole movement.
You can get all the way out.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Model.
I wanted to show you the last project we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment, as a cloud of clouds like the grain skull, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody donate a little bit for a pixel.
And I think how remarkable it's happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we spend the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- the Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That meant something built in a city.
But tomorrow it can be to address the challenges of today: think about climate change or CO2 emissions . How do you move from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people engage in doing this together, collectively.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are pixels.
It's a physical structure in London, but covered with pixels.
You can move inside, you can have different experiences.
You can see from below, we can serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So, it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as you can go up, like a new top of London.
You can come in there.
As if it was a new digital photograph at night, but most importantly, it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose I would tell you that, with just a changes in your genes, they could improve memory -- for more accurate, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you'd like to be in a better way, to be stronger, to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure of themselves?
What about living more with good health?
Or maybe these people who wanted to be more creative.
What would you like the most?
What would you like, if you could choose something?
( Audience Member: Creativity) ) Creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand . Let me see.
A few . You probably had the number of creative people.
That's really good.
How many choose the memory?
A few more.
And the physical state?
A little less.
What about longevity?
Oh, most . That makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this, the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or may it be possible?
Evolution has been a permanent issue here at the TED Conference, but today I want to give you a doctor on the subject.
The great CEO of the 20th century, T.S . Sphereminex, who was also in the Oliveran Orland Church, wrote a titled essay,``Nothing in biology makes sense except to the light of evolution . ''
But if you effectively accept biological evolution to consider this: is it just about the past, or the future?
Does it mean others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch, well in an extreme, is, of course, the most interest.
We went from a common ancestor with modern chimps about six or eight million years ago.
In the interval there's been maybe 20 different species of hominids.
Some have gone back.
We've been here about 13,000 years.
It might seem that we're very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, most of our cells's basic machinery is roughly the same.
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that's used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin, but it's the same protein, chemically indistinguishable, that comes out of the pancreas.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take the most bacteria that the cells that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think -- when Antonio Mamass raises the thing about self-designer -- think about bacteria?
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, wet, it's very cool.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want without any effort of their part.
It's really like a quick route for the bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force to the output.
But, of course, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what would the future beat us?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance like species?
Or are you destined to become something different, maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast income symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company, the animal kingdom, as one and only company, and human life, a little note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I was a college I went in my first kind of biology.
It was fascinated by elegance and the beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental: in most of the existence of life, in single-celled organisms, every cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughter cells.
But when molecular organisms appear, things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important: with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens, the rest of the body becomes predictable.
In fact, one could say that the inevitable of the death of the body comes into evolution at the time of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student thought, well, sex, sex, death for sex; it seemed pretty reasonable at the time, but with every year that happened, I had more doubts.
I got to understand the feelings of George Burns, who was still in Vegas well entered in his 90s.
And one night somebody hits his hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him, you find a magnificent light dancer.
He looks at it, and he says,``I'm looking for a``sex soup . ''
\" Okay ,"George says,``I choose the soup . ''
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily contradictory, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to stay healthy.
I wanted to recover health in the disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is in passing the genome into the next generation -- adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like refrigerator rockets designed to send the genetic charge to the next orbital level and then let you fall in the sea.
I think we all understood the feeling that Woody Allen expressed when he said,``I don't want to achieve the immortality through my work.
I want to do it not dying . ''
Evolution does not necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the bigger or the strongest or the fastest, and even the smartest.
Evolution favors the best adapted creatures to their environment.
That's the only trial of survival and success.
At the bottom of the ocean, the refrigerator bacteria that can survive the heat of the smokers that would produce, if you had fish there, fish cooked to the vacuum, yet they've managed to make that an academic environment.
So what does this mean, when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if you look forward, the next phase -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've been able to preserve a lot of genes that would otherwise have been dismissed and removed from the population.
And second, as a species, we've made our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrate, we close, and we get so excited that it's no longer possible to have the isolation that it's going to happen.
A second possibility is that it's produced by a traditional, natural type of evolution imposed by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be: that the gears of evolution drop slowly, but they're inexpensive.
And in terms of isolation, when as a species we collect distant planets, there will be the isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there's a third possibility, an attractive, intriguing, scary possibility.
The neocortex, the new evolution, which is not simply natural -- but guided and choosing for us as individuals in decisions we'll take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
First we'll consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more vessels than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what is elected at the individual and family level.
And also think that if you could be able to choose not only the sex of your offspring, but in your own body will make genetic adjustments to cure or prevent diseases.
What if we could make genetic change to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce cancer risk or eliminate the app?
Wouldn't you want to make those changes in their genes?
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and took 13 years.
It costs 2.7 million dollars.
The next year of being finished, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome to a cost to 20,000 dollars and in a week . .
I'm not going to miss a lot so that the human genome is made for $1,000 and getting more and more to the scope of all.
Those changes are coming.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that not only are going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity against other viruses.
Believe or there is no experimental trial in course with the flu vaccine in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the tobacco?
That's true today, and in the future, it's going to be increasingly possible.
Imagine just other two little changes.
Can cells change their bodies, but if they could change the cells of their offspring?
What if you could change the sperm and the eggs, or change the failure's newly focused, and give your children a better chance of a healthier life, eliminate the diabetes, eliminate hemorre, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want to be healthier??
And then, that same analytical technology, that same motor of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also adopt hypersonic byproducts -- a better memory.
Why don't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings, especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine?
Why don't you have a faster control muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live longer?
This is going to be irresistible.
And when we're in conditions of taking this up to the next generation, and we can adopt the attributes that we want to have turned evolution back in the neocortex.
We're going to take a process that would normally take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe it happened within the next 100 years.
These are elections that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have them.
Are we going to use these options in terms of a better, more successful, more considered society?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more robust and more version?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the deeper thing about everything: are we going to be able to develop wisdom and help the wisdom need to make these decisions.
For good or bad, and before what I might think, these options are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 900.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor making, click, click.
Clay, click, click . Sounds frightening.
Well, I had a unique seat that day . I was sitting in the 10th.
It was the only one I could talk to the flight assistant.
So immediately I looked at them, and they said,``No problem . We probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already looked at the airplane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot lined the airplane with the Hudson River.
It's usually not the route.
I took the engines.
Imagine being on an airplane and without noise.
And then he said three words.
The three more distant words I've ever heard.
He said,``preparing for impact . ''
I didn't have to talk more with flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror . Life was finished.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get to, and I didn't, all the fences I wanted to repair, all the experiences I've wanted to have, and I never had.
As I thought about that later, I came a sentence, which is,``Collection wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I will open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life anymore.
And that urgency, that purpose, has actually changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we were avoiding the George Washington bridge, which was not for a lot -- I thought about, wow, I really feel a big weigh.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes, I've tried to improve in everything I did.
But in my humanity, I also give place to my ego.
And I regret the time that waste in things that don't matter with people who do matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as I measured in that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels wonderful.
It's no longer trying to be right; choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock goes down,``15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water.
I'm saying,``Please fly . ''
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, wow, I'm not afraid.
It's almost like we've been preparing for that all of our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go; I love my life.
And that sadness was employed in a single thought, which is, I just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow.
A month later, I was in an acting of my daughter -- first grade, not a much artistic talent -- still . And scream, crying, like a little.
And for me, that was the whole reason for the world.
At that point I understood, by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent.
Of course, the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent.
I became a miracle, not to die that day.
And I was given another gift, which was the possibility of looking at the future and coming back and living differently.
You know, you're flying today, the challenges to imagine that the same is happening in your airplane -- and please don't -- but imagine, and how would you change?
What would you do, they still wait to do because they think they're going to live forever?
How would they change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are they being the best parents you can?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great one I worked was for this guy.
The guy is called TEDTalk.
TEDster was one of the most important graphics in the '80s.
He came home after he ran and said,``Dad, I feel a blade in the legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TV has a total paralysis.
It can only use your eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something intricate that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony, TEDTalk, and its cause.
So I went and met with her brother and father and said,``Let's give you this money.
What are you going to do with him? ''
And his brother said,``I just want to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said,``A second, isn't it that I saw Stephen Hawking is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices? ''
And he said,``No, unless you're somebody, and you have a very good insurance, you can't do it.
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said,``Well, how do they communicate then? ''
Did anybody see the movie``The Scratch and the butterfly"?
They communicate that way -- they're making it with the finger.
I said,``That's archaic . How can it be? ''
So I introduced myself with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead I signed a a check that had no idea how I was going to cover.
He committed me with his brother and his father there at that point,``All right, this is the deal: Tony's going to talk, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back to make your art again again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much in the inside can't communicate it . ''
So I talked about a a couple months later.
I met these guys called GPS``Greek Research Lab ,"which has a technology that allows them to project a light in any surface and then, with a laser pointer, draw about that and record negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that appear, they say, they're part of a cycle of life.
They first start with sex organs, then with the bad words, after Bush attacks, and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentations.
And that's how the journey started.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of moving things, we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the insurance companies, and we got a machine for TEDsters to communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's from the most fun thing; I call it Yourg, because when I talk to the guy, you get an email of him, and you say,``I don't deserve it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers around the world literally from all the corners of the planet to our house.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved back to the garage back and these hackers and programmers and consumers and anti-controllers took the control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we did something completely stupid, and that when we came back, they would have taken off the walls of the walls, and they would have graffiti.
But for two weeks we program, we went to the back floor of Venice, my son was part, my dog as well, and we created this.
It's called the Wireless,``Stable ,"and you can see the description.
It's a pair of cheap sunglasses that we bought in the sales ride of Venice Beach, some copper wire and Home Department and Radio Shack.
We take a PR camera, we open it, we mounted it on a light of LED, and now there's a device that is free -- it builds yourself; we publish the free code, the software goes down in free form.
And we create a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says``No . ''
There's no hospital that I can say,``No . ''
Anyone with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TEDTalk room.
I love this picture because this is the other person's room, and that's his room.
And there was all this hype and astronomy during the great opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions all night, Tony went back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and is looking through the support system of their life.
We ran her bed so he could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the hospital outside the hospital.
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- you'll imagine what was the feeling in the parking.
The funny thing was that we had to break in the parking, so we felt like we were picking the graffiti too.
At the end of this, he gave us an email, and this was what he said to us,``This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I'd been under the water and someone finally came to rescue me and pulled me out of there so I could breathe . ''
Isn't it wonderful?
In some ways that's our war scream.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing.
And we have a long way to go with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then we've had all sorts of recognition.
We've won a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free; none of us is making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were like,``Oh, this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweets something about us and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 parts of 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about this -- -- and this is what ends up closing the circle is that in April of this year at the MOCA General in the center of Los Angeles, there's going to be an exhibition called``Art in the streets . ''
And``Art in the streets"is going to have the best exposures of urban art Kankas, Shephello Faire, Gads all are going to be there.
TEDTalk is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive.
So basically this is my idea: if you see something that's not possible, make it possible.
Nothing in this room was possible -- stage, the computer, the microphone, the University of it was possible at a certain time.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with hidden recognition technology; I just recognized something, and I was associated with wonderful people in order to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want us all to do every day when we meet something we feel to do . If it's not now, when? And if I am not me, who?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years getting into a very difficult situation, and at the same time a so dangerous.
I went to jail -- difficult.
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous.
I filmed in war zones -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I've been immerse in horrible appearance situations with the only goal to try and examine social issues in ways that result attractive, interesting, and, hopefully, analyze them in a way that will look entertaining and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands and sponsor, I wanted to do something a little different.
So some of you may have heard of it, or not, a couple of weeks ago I took an airplane in eBay.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, I offered the rights name of my TEDTalk from 2011.
What was next:``ACLS Saturday So President: My TEDTalk of which you have no idea what it's about and according to content, especially if I put it into your face or your company . ''
But said this, it's a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
It's a title in progress, by the way.
So even with that save, I knew someone was going to buy the names of the name.
If you had asked me a a year ago, I couldn't be able to tell them a certainty.
But in the new film I'm working on, we looked at the world of marketing, advertising.
And as I said earlier, I've been in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could anticipate me, to something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Spock: I want to make a film that's about producing products, marketing and advertising, and that all the film is funded with products and marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call``The largest film ever sold . ''
What's going on in``The largest film ever sold"is that everything from the top goes down, from beginning to end, has brand images, all the time -- from the subsidized that appears before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, Machyam Star, the Stanford Center.
These people will be associated with film to permanent -- forever.
And so the film explores all of this idea . (Michael Kasalance: It's redundant .) That's what? (( MK: It's redundant . ''
I'm a redundant nightmare.
It was``A Perfection . forever . ''
But we're not just going to have the X brand sponsor in the title, but we're going to make sure that we're going to make sure that we can make all the categories that we could in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe, and it becomes the most great shoe you've used.
The most great car you've been driving in``The largest film ever sold ,"the best suit you've drink,``The largest film ever sold . ''
Dave Kongy: So the idea is, then, in addition to showing the brands as part of life, making them finance the film? (MS: Make funding the film) MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The whole film goal is transparency.
You're going to see the whole process in this film.
That's the whole idea, all the film, of principle to end.
And I would love the CEO to help make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that; it's the ultimate respect for the audience.
Girl: However, I don't know how high people are going to be.
XL: You have a perspective -- I don't know if``angle"is very negative, but you know how to replicate? (MS: No idea .) David Cohen: How much money you need to do this?
MS: One and a half million . (D.C: All right .): All right .) John Kamen: I think it's going to be hard for them, but certainly is going to value a couple of big brands.
JD: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the film comes out, we see a lot of joyful idiots.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Rude: Most answers will be``no . ''
MS: But will it be hard to sell, by film, or being me?
JK: Both things.
MS :...it means you're not very optimistic.
So, do you help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right . (MK: Okay .) ) Awesome.
MK: We have to think about which brands.
MS: Yeah . (MK: That's the challenge ."When you look at the people you have to treat.
MK: We have some places to go . (MS: Okay .) Turn the camera.
MS: I thought,``Turn the camera"meant we have a conversation outside of microphone.
Turn off the camera means``Don't want to know anything about your film . ''
MS: And so one of these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed; I thought that the concept of advertising, it was to present the product to as many people as possible, to make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of separate media, isn't the idea to tell that new worthy vehicle of attention that's going to take the message to mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a gravitational mistake, and that error was this.
Actually no, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been good.
But the problem was what this image represents.
See, when you look for transparency images at Google, it comes up -- this is one of the first images that appear.
I like your radar way, Sergey Brin . No.
This was the problem: transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily understood or seen, easily understandable, which is characterized by the visibility or the accessible of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name it, the president named, even the CEOs name it.
But suddenly when it comes to making it true, something changes.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear -- like that weird bear that still goes around.
It's unpredictable -- like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risky?
I'll eat an entire bowl of Coke White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling them we wanted to tell this story, and they said,``No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story . ''
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie, and there he's looking at him, and he said,``Son, there are three sides in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story . ''
You see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanting to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bonder and Richard Siberia of many years old, I realized that I would have to go on my own, I would have to take off the inner and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started warning suddenly -- which I started to realize is that when you start to talk about companies, the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends that make big, huge, giant, giant movies that make small movies, independent, like mine.
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies, giant, they say that the reason their films are so successful is because of the associated brands that they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say,``Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies? ''
And the movie is called``The largest ever sold . ''
How are we going to see B specifically in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my boat, you'll see the snail Ben.
At any point during an interview with somebody, I can say,``Are you okay for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you to shut up.
Maybe you should put a little bit before the interview . ''
And there you offer one of these fabulous lines.
Both``Florida Florida"as``paradise of the paradise"are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for men as a woman -- solid, based on a bar, whatever.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give them a strengthen.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand.
It's similar to the kind of smaller movies you count; we're rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that has other brands.
So doing things like this, you know, remembering goodness, is the reason why this interests us.
MS: What words would you use to describe bananas?
Bono is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: higher technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something you put in the armpits.
Man: We talk about something audacious, fresh.
I think``fresh"is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus``compassion of smell and sweat . ''
It keeps you fresh.
How do we keep fresh more time? With better speech, more fresh, three times more fresh.
Things like that one that drives the benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-bottle company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the street man, to people like me, to the commons.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: Mmm my brand?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: I'm going to revive the '80s, painting pinnacle unless it's a laundry.
MS: Okay, what is the George brand?
George: something unique . (MS: unique) Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style I have to be like a dark glamour.
I like dark colors, lots of gray and things like that.
Usually I get accessories like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand that could be a classic controversial, Mercedes Benz.
Man 2: The brand that I am, I'll call it a hot flight.
Woman 2: From hippie, in the yoga part, in a Grandma Garden, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of pets.
It's selling toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I put the market.
Man 5: March school brand.
Is that something?
lawyer: I am a lawyer.
Tom: I'm Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be brand Tom, but I often classify in dark glamour intersection and casual flight.
I realized that I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the brand personality.
And I found a company called Olson Zamper in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Netherland, February, Halluran to discover that brand personality.
If you could do it for them, you could surely do it for me.
Abize: Bring the photos, right?
MS: Yeah . The first picture is a family photo.
A little bit of how you relate to your thoughts and feel your own way of being.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me of that world.
MS: That world? I think that your world is the world where you live -- like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are originated, and they start in a place, and in my case, they originated and started in my family, Western Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is,``This was the best day of my life . ''
A: How do you relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I want to be.
I like different things.
I like weird things . I like weird things.
A:``Why ,"why does that serve us?
What's the male? What phase are you now?
Why is it important to reset? What is red?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little more of you, that's not who you are.
What other metabolisms have been?
Don't have to fear . What kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: Oh: Thank you . No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience . (MS: Great work .): Yes . (MS: Thank you very much .) All right.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness in all of this.
LP: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides, but complementary, in your brand personality -- the Morgan Splashing brand is a conscious brand.
They were very good together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or at the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature to avoid things that are not safe; they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them a powerful, and you make it a positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are that?
The first here is the classic, Apple.
And you can also see here to Target, Wii, Mini of Mini Cooper and Jenal.
There are now playful marks and conscious brands, those things that have gone and forth, but a disconnected brand is quite powerful.
MS: A disconnected brand . What's your brand?
If someone asks you to describe your brand identity, your brand personality, what would be?
Are you an unfair attribute? Are you somebody who makes the blood flow?
Or are you rather a descending attribute?
A little more calm, reserved, conservative?
Surrounding attributes are like being playful to be fresh like the Prince, contemporary, adventure, dare or bold, like Erica Florida, fast or agile, profane, dominant, magic or mystic like Gandhi.
Or are you rather descending attribute?
Are you conscious, sophisticated as 700?
Are you established, traditional, provider, protective, are you identified with Oprah?
Are you reliable, stable, familiar, confident, safe, sacred, contemplative or wisdom, like the Dalai Lama or Yourg?
In the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, scary and descendants, who said,``No ,"they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control about the final product.
We were allowed to tell the story of the neuroscience, and we came to tell the story in this film of how they're using magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain, both for commercial marketing and film.
We went to San Paulo where they've banned open advertising.
In the entire city for the last five years, there are no valleys, there are no posters, there's no volunteers, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing a way in schools with liquidity problems in America.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects that I've had the biggest answer, or I've been more successful, are those of you in which I've been interacting with things directly.
And that's what these marks did.
They took the interviewers, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to try directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with it to create something different, something that's going to make people think, that will challenge the way we look at the world.
And how's it gone? Did they succeed?
Well, since the movie is sitting at the Sundance Festival, let's take a look.
According to Burres, the movie sits in January, and since -- and this is not all of us have had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers just a two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The film was still not distributed.
It's still not online . It's not in Amsterdam.
It's not even been presented in other countries still.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad because almost all the agencies that we talked to was they would not be part.
I've always believed that if you risk, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you take people out of that, you're pushing them into failure.
I think when you train your employees in the risk of risk, it's preparing your entire company to lack rewards.
I feel like what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to not be afraid of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, moving, I think we need to give it to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We hug fear . We embrace risk.
From a current at a time, we have to embrace risk.
And, in fact, we have to be able to get transparency.
More than ever a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk,``We hug transparency ,"has been presented by my good friends at ECM who by $7,100 bought the rights of the name in eBay.
EM: converting big data in large opportunities for companies around the world.
ECX shows``We hug transparency . ''
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So Morgan, in the name of transparency, that happened exactly with those 7.2 dollars?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket, I have a crash named from the matrix of TED, the Sapling Foundation, a $7,000 check to be applied to my TED assistance of the next year.
The idea behind the Survey computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their greatest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the uranium plant in Natural National.
The gray boxes you see are control systems in real time.
If we can engage these systems that control speed and valves, we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software; they're a completely different technology.
But if we can put a Windows effective virus in a laptop computer used by an engineer to make this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Surfass.
We started with a Windows installation.
The objective goes into the gray box, damages the centrifuge, and the nuclear nuclear program is degraded; mission.
It's easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started researching about Surface six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part: the installation used multiple dance vulnerabilities.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That struck us, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Surface and we saw what was going on with this.
So very strange things happened.
Susani behaves as a laboratory rat that he didn't like our cheese, he smelled it, but I didn't want to eat.
I didn't make sense for me.
And after I experienced with different cheese flavors, I realized, and I thought, this is a targeted attack.
It's completely targeted . ''
The installation is actively looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working on that place.
If no, Sustana does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working in this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought,``We don't know what the goal is . ''
It could be, say, for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we would discover the goal soon.
So we went out and we went into the attack code, and we found that it was structured in two digital bombs: a small and a big.
We also saw that they were armed very professionally by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points to attack.
You probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Supreme install is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much to the old assembly language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we were looking for at the beginning were called the system functions, because we know what they do.
Then we were looking for temperatures and data structures and we tried to relate them to the real world, with objective potential.
We need theories about recipients that we can approve or define.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent taste, it must be a valuable white, and it's surely located in Iran, because most infections have been reported.
You don't find several thousand goals in that area.
Basically, it's reduced to Bulgard's nuclear power plant and the Natasha environmentalist plant.
So I said to my assistant,``Tremendous one list of all experts and energy plants between our clients . ''
I called them, and I consulted them in an effort for putting their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital view with the control of the rotate.
The rotor is that mobile part within the centrifuge, that black object that you see.
If you drive the speed of this rotate, you can certainly run it and even make the centrifuge explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to do it slow and disappear in an obvious effort to go back nuts to maintenance engineers, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We're trying to figure out the big digital view looking very close to the data and their structures.
So, for example, the number 164 number in that code, can't be obvious.
I started to investigate scientific literature about how these facilities are built in Natasha and found that they're structured in what's called a waterfall, and every waterfall contains 140 centrifuge.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better.
These sea centers are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we find in the attack code?
It's almost identical.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So there was no misunderstanding.
The results have been obtained after several weeks of hard work.
We basically ended up with non-zero-sum streets, and we had to start back.
Still, we discovered that both digital warheads would come to one and same goal, but from different angles.
The small view is taking a waterfall, and making the rotors and releasing them, and the big eye communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating valves.
In addition, we're very confident that we've determined what the destiny is.
It's Natasha, and it's just Natasha.
We shouldn't worry that other goals are achieved by Surface.
So here I show you some very interesting things that we saw, they really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and you see the centrifuge.
What this thing does is to intercept the input values of sensors for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code, which still execute during the attack, with false input data.
And believe it or not, these false input data is predicted by Surfass.
It's like in the Hollywood movies where, during the theft, the security camera feed video.
Is it great?
The idea here is obviously not just to mock the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to build a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator couldn't act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the great steam turbine goes away, you have to open up the escape valves in a millisecond.
Now obviously, this can't make it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed, then you can pass bad things.
The plant can exploit.
And the operating system will not notice it.
That scares.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this . This attack is generic.
It has nothing to see, specifically, with centrifuge, with uranium emergency.
It could also work, for example, in an energy plant, or in a automotive factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have -- like attacker -- that will design this load with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Stuxnet.
You could also use conventional worm technology to disseminate it.
Design it as possible.
And if you do that, with what you'll end up with is a cyber destruction cyber.
That's the consequence we should face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We have to face the consequences, and better than we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph, it's been public in many sides that people assume that the Moscow is the main entity behind this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Langley: Okay, do you really want to hear this?
Okay . Okay.
My view is that the Lord is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber superpower.
There's one, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately.
Because otherwise, our problems would be even bigger.
CA: Thank you for getting us . Thank you, Ralph.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take, and I want to give you supermarket skills, or another one that makes users of wheelchair users get up and walk back.
In``Berkeley Bionics"call these robots, exoskeletons.
They're not different than something you put in the morning, it gives you a big force, which also increases your speed, and helps you, for example, to manage balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other external entities.
This is not an unreal idea.
To show you now in what we're working on, we started to talk about the American soldier that, on average, must take about their back, a 45-year-old load, and you're demanding to take even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back , 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help manage the issue.
Let me introduce you to the HDU -- or New Cartian Human Carton.
Soldier: With the Hollywood exoskeleton, I can put 90 pounds on variables for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows you to put in colors to run and execute movements with great agility.
What I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increase my strength and my resistance.
Einstein Benjamin: We're ready, our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton, this year.
So it's a reality.
Let's go back to the wheelchair users, about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people, roughly, in wheelchair, around the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens often, very young people, with damage in the vertical column that when they start their life -- the 20 , 30 or 40 years -- collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option.
We also talk about the population that I'm aging quickly.
Their only option, many times -- by brain injury or some other complications -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been that for the last 500 years from its successful appearance, as I have to recognize.
So we decided to start to write a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you to the LEDs who are using Amanda Bonobo who 19 years ago had a injury in the vertical column, and as a result, he couldn't walk back for 19 years, so far . .
Amanda Bonobo: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our EEG, which I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the computer on board, here on the back.
There are also a little bit of batteries that give the motors in the hips, and on the knees, and they make it move with this soft and very natural gait.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, for a stranger jump in the air, skiing costs down, I was paralyzed.
In a fraction of a second, I lost all sensation and everything of the pelvis down.
Shortly after, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said,``Amanda, you'll never walk back . ''
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole to the last piece of hope of my self.
Adapting technology since then, it's allowed me to learn to slide down in skis, climbing rocks and even riding in hand bike.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far . .
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change future generations -- not just of soldiers, but to Amanda, and all the wheelchair users, everybody.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the baton, they practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the festival of man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of the wild bonobos of Congo forests.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, which lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known by their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've done too much emphasis in this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by large, terrifying guys, the Bonobo society is to females with power.
These guys have created something special, because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence hasn't yet been observed.
But unfortunately, Bonobos are the least understood of the big apes.
They live in the depths of the frozen forest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the Library itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been launched for decades and caused almost as many deaths like World War First.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
The hunting meat trade and deforestation make you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the hidden laughter by mixing trees.
Who are these cousins?
We know them as the apes``make love, not war ,"because they have second sex, computer and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of the Bonobo is more than the Saudi Army.
The bonobos, like humans, love to play all over their lifetime.
Play is not just a kid.
For us, and for them, play is fundamental to establish ties and foster tolerance.
With him we learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience and it has to do with generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions, behavioral diversity, connections of connections.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see the evolutionary roots themselves of laughter, dance and human rituals.
Play is the glue that binds us.
I don't know how you play, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken from the wild.
First, it's a Bonobo style game, and I don't talk about football.
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a chase.
Look what she's doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase:``I have it adapted from balls . ''
Just I think in this case, he loves it, right?
Yes.
So the sexual game is common both in Bonobos and humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play, and also how the game requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it's from the most fun.
But play is polarizing.
Play is controversial, it can adopt many forms, some of which are more quiet, imaginative, curious -- maybe the place where the wonder is.
And I want you to see -- this is Fukurania, a young female, which is playing with water.
I think, as she, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and outer worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact, and then unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key of these capabilities.
In other words, play is our adaptation of adaptation.
To adapt to a world that changes a world we have to play.
But will we leverage our game capacity?
Play is not frivolous.
Play is essential.
For Bonobo and humans alike, life is not just cruel and ruthless.
When it seems less appropriate to play, you can be the moments in which it's the most urgent thing.
So, primary partners, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
New York, I'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood.
When I'm not fighting poverty, the fires as a captain assistant in a volunteer bomb body.
And in our city, where volunteers come to a highly skilled person, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to enter action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high chance to go.
But still there was a career standing against the other volunteers to get to the captain in charge and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain, I was angry in a conversation with the owner that certainly had one of the worst days of his life.
We were at full night, she stood outside in the rain, under a umbrella, paradox, Barefoot, while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I had just arrived before I was, we call Alex Luther first to the captain, and he asked him to go into and save the dog of the house owner.
The dog! I was so jealous.
There was a lawyer or a money of money that, for the rest of his life, he would have to tell people who entered a building in a call to save a living living only because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me an addition.
He said,``Bezos, I need to go into the house.
I need to go up, go through fire, and bring it to this woman a couple of shoes . ''
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I went -- I went through the stairs, at the end of the hall, went to the real firemen, and that height had finished off the fire and entered the main room in search of a pair of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back through the ladder where I met my Nixote and the beautiful dog on the main door.
We pulled out the treasures for the owner of the house where, as I was to wait, his treasure received much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter of the house of the house with the brave effort showed to save their house.
The kindness that she looked at about the other was that somebody had ever reached a pair of shoes.
Both in my voice in Robin Hood, as in my voice as a volunteer fireman, I'm witness of generosity and kindness in a monumental scale, but also of grace and courage acts at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So, when I look in this room to people who have achieved, or they're to achieve, remarkable levels of success I would like to remind you this: don't wait.
They don't wait for the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give, try it now.
They serve food in a dining dining, clean a neighborhood park.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the chance to save someone's lives, but every day we're going to be able to influence someone's life.
So go into the game; save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Bezos: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1968 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They've allowed us to build things bigger than us, as buildings or bridges, a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, LIGO came up with this.
It was called automatic assembly brick.
And in a few years, the LED bricks came to all the homes.
It's estimated that you've made more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineering to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LIGO made it accessible.
LIGO just adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce: the new building block.
The transistor was a small little plastic unit that would take us from a world of aesthetic bricks stacked together on a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block, the transistor allows you to create much bigger and more complex circuits, a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference: The transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept that, that building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Aristotle.
Let me show you how they work.
litigation is electronic modules every one with a specific function.
They're ready to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about everything is that you're using magnets.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the output, the blue is the current, the pink is the entrance and the orange color is wire.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green, and very quickly you can begin to make older circuits.
A blue with a green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle, and we have a regulators.
If we change the button for a pulse module, which is here, and now we have an integrated light.
We added this doorbell to create more impact, and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, Aristotle are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program, connect and soldier, Aristotle allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To get faster or slower, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Aristotle is that it's a growing collection.
We want all of the interactions in the world to be reduced to ready bricks to use.
Lights, sounds, solar panels, motors; everything must be accessible.
We've given litigation to kids to see them playing with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that doesn't learn in schools.
For example, how a night's light works, or why the door of an elevator is kept open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also taken litigation to design schools.
So, for example, designers without experience in electronics start playing with litigation as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and filter, we have George creating ...
( Music sound) ): A few weeks ago, we took litigation to the designers of Rhode Island, who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper, and we said,``Do something . ''
Here's an example of a project that you've done, a controlled conference.
But wait, here's my favorite project.
It's a pollutant made of Play-Doh that's afraid of darkness.
Now, for these not engineers, litigation became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be aware of all.
So, Aristotle has open source.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators, inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is our own.
So go ahead and invent.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company is looking for us to engage with the environment.
It's a distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm . Wait for a moment.
You can delay a little bit in charge.
We can -- we can -- we can continue to get the video better.
No.
This is not.
All right.
Solar technology is......
Oh, I'm just given the time?
All right . Thank you very much.
A couple years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that's supposed to be done; we asked them to work in government.
The initiative was called Coke for America, and they would be like a peace bodies for professionals.
We selected some members every year and we put them to work with the municipalities.
Instead of sending them to the Third World, we send them to the salary world.
They made big applications; they worked with municipal employees.
His task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know Al.
This is a hydrogen of the Boston city.
Here it appears as if I look for a quote, but what it really looks for is that somebody cleans it when he's caught by the snow because he knows it's not very good at turning fires when it's covered by a meter snow.
How did it come to ask help in this kind of singular way?
Last year in Boston, we had a team of Memorial members for America.
They were there in February, and at that moment, I was a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned up these hydrants.
But one of the members called Erik Microsoft noticed something else: that citizens cleaned up the sidewalks right in front of them.
So he made a good programmer, developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrant.
You accept clean when you snow.
When you do it, you put a name, in this case I put it.
If you don't do it, someone can roll.
I mean, it has a playful component.
It's a modest app.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 applications programmed last year.
But it does something any other government technology achieved.
And it goes viral.
A responsible of systems from the city of Honolulu to see this app realized that he could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt tsunami supplies.
It's very important to work these tsunami guidelines, but people are stealing the batteries.
So I ask citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens go out of the spacecraft.
And Chicago just launched it to make people record to clean sidewalks when snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has spread without friction, organic and natural.
If you know a little bit of government technology, you'll know that this doesn't normally happen.
The software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that we've done by normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the judicial power of California that has been spent two billion dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this at every level of government.
So an app that's programmed in a couple of days, and it's spread viral in a viral form, it's kind of a warning shot to the government institution.
It suggests the better way to work, not as in private companies, like many people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather like the Internet itself.
I mean, without restrictions, open and generative.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way to address the question of government that has the new generation, not as a problem of an inclusive institution, but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good because it turns out we are very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only Code for America, but there are hundreds of people all over the country that contribute to civic apps every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given to government.
They feel a great frustration before that, but they don't complain, they fix it.
And these people know something we've lost.
And that is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the display in the DMV and all those other things that get us crazy, the government is essentially in Tim Release's words,``What we do together because we can't just . ''
Now, many people have abandoned government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to remember it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change; the government is.
And given that the ultimate government of us -- remember that of``us, the village?"The way to think about it will affect the way to produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that government is to choose people to take loads.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is, especially, a matter of reactions.
This is the center of the phone care of services and information.
It's the place that comes in the calls if you mark 311 in America.
Scott took this call.
\" Zirible"in the base of official knowledge.
I didn't find anything . I started with animal control.
And he finally said,``Hey, can you open the doors in the house, put strong music and see if it's going? ''
And it worked . So by Scott.
But that was not the end of the readings.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app, the web and the mobile, called Citizens Connecticut.
We don't program that app.
It was the work of very smart people at the Boston University Office.
One day, this happened really, it comes this question:``Ziribati in my garbage . I don't know if it's dead.
How do I take it out? ''
Scott Connecticut's dynamic is different.
Scott was speaking in person.
In comics Connecticut, it's all public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbor.
The next report said,``I approached the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Zeroff? Yeah.
I turned the cube . I went home.
Good night, sweet ready . ''
Pretty simple.
This is great . It's the confluence of digital and physical.
And it's also a great example of government income to the distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technology definition of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to engage and help others.
So, one citizen helped another, but here the government had a key role.
It connected the two people.
And it might have connected them with government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another one, let's build communities.
If we call the animal control, that costs a much money.
One important thing we need to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but it thinks that one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we hope that the government reflects our values and satisfying our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like an immense ocean, and politics is the surface layer of 15 centimeters.
Underneath it's what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it's that contempt that holds that that belongs to us that we finance as something that operates in our against, that other thing, and in consequence we are losing power.
People believe politics is sensual.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make bureaucracy sensual.
Because that's where the real government work occurs.
We have to collaborate with the government machine.
That does the October movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens who have written a very detailed report of 32 pages in response to the financial reform project.
That's not political activism, it's bureaucratic activism.
And for the ones that we've been resistant to the government, it's time that we ask what world we want to leave to our children.
You have to see the enormous challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we're going to get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all?
We can't predict government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to be able to replicate the function of government so that it can expand to the civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet, and he knows that it's not so difficult to act, you just have to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I'm a bigger generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about; they're all going to talk.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and they do.
So when you face the government problem, they don't care much to hear their voices.
They're using the hands.
They put hands to the work to program apps that make it work better to government.
And those applications allow us to use hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaned up a hydrant, taking out weeds, hitting a trash cube that has a blade inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hydrants and a lot of people do it.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we're not just consumers, we're not just government consumers that we pay taxes and get services.
We are more than that: we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the citizenship.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, are we going to be a voices of voices, or are we going to be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails, prisons and in death row.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'm going to be here at TED watching, and listening to these stimuli has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that are told here have impact around the world.
In occasion, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that wouldn't have otherwise.
I mean this because I think identity is really important.
Here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if they're taught with feeling, they can have special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, if it's charitable, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about identity of identity.
I actually didn't learn this in the practice of the right, my work.
I learned from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a matriarch, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, it had power.
It was the last word in the family.
She started many of the discussions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
Her parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 184,000.
She was born about 1880 and his experience with slavery as he saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also loving.
When I was a little girl, and I looked at her, she came up to me and gave me a good hug.
I was so tight that I could barely breathe and then came up.
One or two hours later, I looked back, he came up to me, and he said,``Brendan, do you still feel my hug? ''
And if he told him that no, I grabbed me again, and if he said yes, I was left in peace.
I had this human quality that made you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the least 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight nine, I woke up one morning, I went to the room, and there they were running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first I thought it was a game.
So he looked at her and smiles, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she got up, he got the room, he took me from my hand, and he said,``You see Britain . We're both going to talk . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside and said,``Brian, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anybody . ''
I said,``Okay, Mama . ''
She said,``Now I'm sure I won't do it ."I said,``Sure . ''
Then I sat down, looked at me and said,``I want you to know that I've been watching . ''
And he said,``I think you're special . ''
He said,``I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I'll never forget it.
Then he said,``I just want you to promise me three things, Brian . ''
I said,``Sure, Mama . ''
And he said,``The first thing I want you to promise me is you always want your mother . ''
I added:``She's my daughter, and you have to be promise that I will always take care of . ''
As I loved my mom, I said,``Yes, Mom, I'll do it . ''
Then he said,``The second thing I want you to promise me is that you will always do the right thing, although the right thing is the hard thing . ''
I thought about it, and I said,``Yeah, Mom . I'll do it . ''
Then, finally he said,``The third thing I want you to promise me is you never drink alcohol . ''
I was nine years old, and I said,``Yeah, Mom, I'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field, in the rural South . I have a brother a year old and a sister a year.
When I was 14, one day my brother came home with a six beers package, I don't know where I pulled them out, and I grabbed my sister and I went to the forest.
We're just making the madness forever.
He took a beer shore, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me.
I said,``No, no, no . It's fine . You follow, but I'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said,``Come on . Today I'm doing it . And you always do the same thing as us.
I already took something, your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said,``No . I wouldn't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me.
He said,``What happens? Take a beer . ''
And I was closed by the force, and he said,``Oh, not you're still thinking about the conversation with breast . ''
And I said,``But what are you talking about? ''
He said,``Mom tells all the grandchildren who are special . ''
I was broken.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this will spread widely.
But I am 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I'm not saying it's a virtue; I say it by the power that identity has.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to the other things that they really don't look at.
We can't get to do things that don't believe to be able to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all their grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been imprisoned during the ban.
My uncles died from age-related diseases.
And these were the things that, according to her, we had to engage.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is very different than what was 40 years ago.
1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in probation.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or black communities, you find so much of it, so much despair, determined by these facts.
One in three black tiles between 18 and 30 is in jail or in probation.
In urban communities across the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all the color young people are in jail or in probation.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that is much better if you're rich and guilty, that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilt, it's wealth that leads the results.
And it looks like we feel very quiet.
The politics of fear and the source makes us believe that these are not problems.
We're disconnected.
I find it interesting.
We're looking at our work, some pretty curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you prioritize the rights forever if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the loss of loss of rights will be as high as before they passed the law of the right to vote.
We have this impressive silence.
I represent children.
Many of my clients are very young.
America is the only country in the world where it sits to 13 year-old children to die in prison.
We have this prison country for children, no possibility of coming out.
Right now we're in the process of some litigation.
The only country in the world.
I represent people in death row.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
Are we in a sense of thinking that the final question is, are people deserve to die for committed crime?
Very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we're in our identity.
There's another way to look at it: it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die by the crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty is defined by error.
Out of nine people executed, it's identified one that is innocent that it's exhibiting and liberated from death row.
An error rate, amazing, an innocent of every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation, it would never be allowed to pilot airplanes, if every nine you would take off, you would have to star.
But somehow we got rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our burden.
It's not our fight.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of if we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time that I started at the end of the reconstruction and last World War II.
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little defined by terror.
In many communities, people were afraid to be swollen.
They worried about being bombed.
The threat of terror was what their lives defined.
Now there are older people who get closer to me, and they say,``Mr. Stevenson, you say talks, it makes speeches . Tell people to stop saying that in our history, for the first time with terrorism, after 9/11 . ''
They ask me to say,``No . Let me grow with that . ''
The era of terrorism continued, obviously, with segregation and decades of racial and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic where we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what historically we've done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us work to talk about race . I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a real, reconciliation process.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregation without the truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving lectures about death penalty.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said,``You know it's good to hear what you say . ''
He said,``We don't have death row in Germany.
We'll never be able to have it here . ''
The room stood in silence and a lady said,``There is no way that with our history, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately, we would get people to run . ''
It's about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would execute people, especially if they were mostly Jews?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there's this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really worry about these difficult issues, positive and wonderful things are, however, implicated.
We love innovation.
We're fascinated by technology . We adore creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are disappeared by suffering, abuse, degradation, marketing.
In my opinion, it's necessary to integrate both things.
We lately talk about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the offspring, the ones that will never get to TED.
Think of them is, in a way, something that is inside our own.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
We are, despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual.
The development comes not just about brain ideas.
These things come from fueled ideas as well for heart convictions.
This connection of mind with heart is what drives us not only in the bright and unfortunate, but also in the dark and the hard.
Valenci Haiti, the great chef leader, talked about this.
He said,``When we were in East Europe suffering oppression, we wanted all sorts of things, but mainly what we needed was hope, guidance for the spirit, a will for being in places of despair and being witness . ''
Well, that orientation for the spirit is practically in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED, it must be compromised.
There's no disconnect related to technology and design, that allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusion, to inequality, to injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find them.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Parks.
These women get together just to talk.
Occasionally, Mr. Carry called me, to say,``Brendan, come in Mr. Park . We're going to meet to speak.
Do you want to come and listen to me? ''
I said,``Yes, sir . Yeah I want . ''
So she said,``Well, what do you do when you come? ''
I said,``Listen to them . ''
So I was going and just heard them.
It was very sharing, very illustration.
And in one occasion, I was here, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Mrs. Parks got to me and said,``Now, Brian, let me be that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do . ''
And I started to give my speech.
I said,``Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We tried to end with the feelings of life, without parole for children.
We tried to do something about death penalty.
We tried to reduce the population in prisons.
We tried to end the massive incarceration . ''
I gave it all my best speech, and I ended up looking at me and said,``Hmm mmm . ''
And he added,``I'll be exhausted, very exhausted . ''
At that time, Ms. Carrie leaned up, put my finger on my face and said,``That's why you have to be very, very brave . ''
I think the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find a way to address those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each of us is higher to the worst we've ever committed.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liars.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong, it's not a thief.
Even if someone kills another, it's not a murderer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly, in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's not.
I actually think that in many parts of the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I believe that even though it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very illuminated, very straightforward, we're not going to judge for our technology, for our designs, not for our intellectual or rational capacity.
By the end, the character of a society is, not by the way they treat rich, powerful and privileged, but by the way they treat the poor, the convicted, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand really deep issues about what we are.
I'm very quiet at times . I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
I'm tired, as everyone.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these guys who have been feeling very hard.
I'm going to jail and I see my 13-year-old customers, who have been wired to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone in what it isn't??
The judge was relied as an adult, but I see a child.
A very late night, he was awake thinking -- for God, if the judge can become something you're not, it must have magical powers.
Yes, Brian, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was too late, I couldn't think correctly, but I started working in a motivation.
He had a 14 year-old customer, a poor, black.
I started working in the motivation, with a tight that said,``Voice for my 14-year-old black customer is treated as a pink white of 75 years, executive of a corporation . ''
In the motivation, I put it into the accusation, in the behavior of the police and the process.
There was a bold line about how this country has no ethics, but a whole lack of ethics.
The next morning I woke up thinking that gut motivation would be a dream, or actually wrote it?
For my horror, not only had he taken it, but he had sent it to the court.
About two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided -- oh God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I got into the car, and I felt really overwhelmed, overwhelmed.
I went in the car to court.
I thought this would be very difficult and beautiful.
I finally came down from the car . I walked to court.
I was going up the stairs when I found myself with a older black man; it was the conservation of the trial.
When he saw me, he came up to me and said,``Who is you? ''
I said,``I'm a lawyer ."He said,``Is you lawyer?"I said yes.
And so I'm very upset and hug.
And he whispered me in the ear.
He said,``I'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was surgical.
That was deeply connected with my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When he came in, the judge saw me.
And he said,``Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this bit of action? ''
I said,``Yes, Mr. was me ."And we started discussing.
People started coming . They were all outraged.
I was the one who had written those madness.
The cops came in, the assistants, the auditorium.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people, and all the fun, because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the gentleman of the eye, I went to see when he went and came.
I looked out the window, and he was going to hear all that scream.
I kept walking here and there.
Finally, this old black, with concern face, walked into the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge did a recipe.
During the break, a algorithm was shown because the counselor had entered the room.
The assistant was adapted on the old black.
And he said,``Jimmy, what do you do in the audience room? ''
And the old black stood up, looked at the assistant, looked at me and said,``I went into this audience room to tell this young man who keep his view in the target . ''
I've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it's folding towards justice.
We can't be truly evolved if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is tied to others.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must lead to the fracture, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of those of you who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal with a firm . .
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious wish of the audience, of this community, to help in your purposes, to do something.
Something that's not a check . What can we do?
BF: There are several opportunities close.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referendum this spring in which an effort is going to be able to reinvent the funds that are spent today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, it's going to spend a billion dollars in death row, in the next five years . billion dollars.
And despite this , 46 percent of homicide cases don't conclude in arrests.
56 percent of rapes don't come to anything.
Here's an opportunity of change.
This referendum is going to propose these funds to make the law turn, to security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, it's told that it has to do with the highest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who believe it's like that?
BF: Actually, the rate of violence with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not for crimes with violence.
It's because of the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase emerges in the prison population.
And we left to convince the rhetoric rhetoric.
We have three legal causes to bring people into perpetual chain, to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against property, instead of making those resources to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy on punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Britain, you've been excited about here today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having to TED . Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats for Bin Laden's death.
Luck 2: famine in Somalia . Announcer 3: The police provides pepper gas.
Local 4: Desert posters . Announcer 5: Crumbles.
Locus 6: social decline . Announcer 7 : 65.
Locus 8: tsunami . 9: Cybergers.
Several laptops: War to anthrax . mass destruction . Tourist.
Recession . Banker . final judgment . Egypt . Syria.
Crisis . Death . disaster.
Oh my God!
Peter Diamandis: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, and they could probably be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that press media prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every single day our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as we don't care more than survive, the first stop of all that data is an ancient clip of the temporal lobe called amygdala.
amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
It's ordered and recorded all the information looking for something in the environment that could be made damage.
So a dozen stories of stories will be looking at the negative.
That old adage of the press:``If there's blood, sell ,"it's very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news, the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we're pessimistic.
It's not surprising that people think the world is going from worse.
But maybe it's not.
Perhaps, instead, what really happens is that we get distortion.
Maybe the enormous progress done in the last century is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying we don't have our good problems: climate change, species extinction, water scarcity and energy; we have no question we have.
As human beings, we are very good at embracing problems and, in the long long, we ended up with them.
So let's analyze what happened in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average of life has been more than doubled, average average income per capita has tripled around the world.
Child mortality has shrunk 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, transportation and communications, has fallen 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that global literacy went from 25 percent to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we keep putting higher and higher expectations.
We actually redefine the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, large part of the people living under the poverty line have electricity, water, bathrooms, refrigerators, television, mobile air air and cars.
The baseline magnets of the past century, the planet's employers, would never have dreamed with such luxury.
Support a lot of this is technology and, lately, their exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes in technology technology jump into this curve, Moore's Law, and doubling the price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
So that's why the cell phone you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a '70s supercomputer.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First of all, how smooth it is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession, in depression and booming.
It's the result of fast computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop before any of the big challenges.
And even though he's graffiti in a law on the left, it goes up.
The growth rate of technology is increasingly faster.
And in this curve, to Moore Law's Law, there are a extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends of Autodesk call infinite, sensors and networks, robotics , 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuels, vaccines and food, digital medicine, nanotechnology and A.I.
I mean, how many saw the victory in Jeopardy from Watson, of IBM?
It was epic.
I looked at newspapers the best headline.
And I loved this:``Watson comes to human opponents . ''
Jeopardy is not a easy game.
It plays with the nuances of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the cell.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singaportical University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how can they use to solve the big challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company or a product or a service, which can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people.
Thirty years ago, it would have been absurd.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean to create fancy life for every room on the planet; it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that that is scarce and becoming plentiful.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story of Napoleon II in the middle of 1800.
He's the guy on the left.
He invited the king of Simon.
Napoleon troops ate with silver covers, and the same Napoleon, with gold covers.
But the king of Simon, ate with aluminum covered.
You see, aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet; it's more than gold and platinum.
That's why the tip of the monument to Washington is aluminum.
You see, although the aluminum is 8:30 percent of Earth's mass, it doesn't come as pure metal.
It's released by oxygen and silicon.
But then the electrons came and made the aluminum so cheap that we used it as it was description.
We project this analogy to the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to Earth 16 tortures of energy every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarcity, it's about affordability.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the diesel generated : 88 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, the solar electricity will cost six cents a kilometer per hour compared to the 15 cents of national average.
And if we have energy abundance, we also have water abundance.
Let's talk about wars for water.
Do you remember when Carl Sagan put the spacecraft Voice to Earth, in 1990, after Saturn happened?
I took a famous picture . What was called?
\" A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live in a water planet.
We live on a planet in 70 percent water.
Yes , 99.9 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fight for 0.5 percent of the planet on the planet, but also here is a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 years, but right now.
It comes the nanotechnology, the nanosables.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the British -- I would like to share with you, it gave me permission to do that -- his technology called Sovietaly Penal -- maybe the knowledge is the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water to any day from any saltwater, contaminated water, a latrine for less than two cents a gallon.
The president of Coke just agreed to make an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have a full confidence that that's going to be, Coca-Cola will implement it in 2006 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation powered by this technology that today exists.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world by the end of 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to tell a smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that nobody could have ever predicted.
So better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars, GPS video, images, books, book libraries and music, medical diagnostic technology, and medical diagnostic technology, and they lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes when the health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Malawkwatt Foundation something called the X Malawi Tradition.
We're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk to, and given that it has AI, they can touch, they can extract blood toes.
To win it has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the morbidity charge is 25 percent and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence a RNA or DNA virus that doesn't recognize, calling the health care, and first of all, avoiding the pandemic.
But this is the biggest force to produce a abundance world.
I call it the billion in increasing.
The white lines here are the population.
We've just spent the seven billion mark.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it will move from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds have never been heard before the global conversation.
What do these people want?
What do you consume? What do you want to have?
And instead of an economic collapse, we will have the biggest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars in the global economy.
And they would get more health to the Tricerator, a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can you provide three million more members of humanity, healthy and productive?
What about voices never before?
What if we give the oppressed, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can act for the first time?
What will they make these three million?
What if you're contributions that we can't predict?
Something that I learned with the X Prize is that small teams, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things -- things that they only could do the big corporations and the governments.
I'll end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Foldity.
I came up at the University of Washington in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein.
folds determine the structure and the functionality.
It's really important in medical research.
And so far, it was a supermarket problem.
They've played with this college professors, each other.
And then hundreds of thousands of people joined and started playing it.
And it's shown that today the recognition machinery of human patterns is better folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me enormous confidence in the future is that today we have more power as people to assume the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the book innovators.
We have the computer capital.
And we have three billion new minds that will be joined to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have some extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The current of the starting point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, I'll give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1830.
Maybe they believed that I'm chasing pizza, but it wasn't.
It actually collected fish.
And I described one of them as a very``common . ''
It was the grouper.
I took it a lot to the 1980s.
Now the fish is on the Red List of the IUCN.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special.
But the case is that we still came to the Galapagos.
We still think they're pristine.
The brochures still say they are intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept: the display of the waist.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lake in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate.
I was very burned with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't from there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The lagoon was surrounded by palm, and, as you can see, a few mangroves.
And there was about 20 centimeters, the black beard thylacine.
And the fishing of this thylacine was very abundant, and it went through a good moment, so it won more than the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the number of fish had halved half.
They moved to the five centimeters.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of drag fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, I started in the 1960s, a lot of development projects.
The fishing development was able to impose the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen, to implement industrial fishing.
And this boat, quite ugly, was called the Four Museum.
I went out to fishing on it, and we did studies in the South Sea Sea, and especially in the Sea of Java.
What we captured there was an amazing thing.
We captured, now I know, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges, other animals who are at the bottom.
And most fish are tiny blobs about a few remains, remains that are fish reef fish.
In short, the sea floor came to the cover, and then it was thrown.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then start the commercial fishing.
The background goes from being a soft core of soft coral, in this case, to be a legacy.
This is a dead turtle.
They didn't eat them . They dismiss them because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I wasn't yet drowning.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what the fishermen collect every time they go to an area where they've never fished.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the starting point, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this, something like this happens.
On the axis, we have good things: biodiversity, number of origins, the green of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images of the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extract it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the shifting of changes.
And at the end, I'll keep some miserable remains.
And that, largely, is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that they're no longer, or they're not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to a few generations later.
Because obviously, an animal that's very abundant, before you get extinct, it's very often frequent.
You don't lose plentiful animals.
You lose little animals.
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of great fish.
They become unusual because we fished them.
Over time, there are few fish, but we think that's the starting point.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know that it was different.
In fact, many people, scientists, questioning that it was very different.
And you'll do it because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they would expect to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some people present, like that captain such and so many fish in this area can't be used or, usually they don't use the scientists of fishing, because it's not``scientist . ''
So, we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in built societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there, the enormous role that can take a protected marine area.
Because with protected marine areas, we actually recreated the past.
We remember the past that people can't conceive because the point of departure has run and it's extremely low.
That's for the people that you can see a protected marine area, and they can benefit from the vision that provides, which allows them to erase their starting point.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like people in the Midwest, for example?
I think that the arts and cinema may fill the vacuum . The simulation.
This is a simulation of Chesapeake Bay.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay; 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that the nuances and the toxins are like``Avatar . ''
And if you think about``Avatar ,"if you think why people were moved with the movie, I'm going to talk about the story of Pope, why to get the images?
Because I evoke something that, in a sense, has lost.
So my recommendation, the only one to give, is to Cameron, make``Avatar III"underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi . I am Kevin Alex, the YouTube manager manager, and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why videos become viral and what importance has that.
We all want to be stars: celebrities, singers, comedian -- when I was younger, it seemed something very, very hard.
But today, the web video makes any of us, or our actions, contract to a part of our global culture.
Anybody can be made famous on the Internet in a sanctuary.
There are over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And, of those, just a small percentage gets viral, it gets infinity of visits and it gains cultural motion.
How does that happen?
Three things: trend creators, participation communities and surprise factors.
Okay, let's start.
Beau Vascor: Oh my God, my God.
My God!
Wow!!
Hoh, wow!!!!!
KA: Last year, Beau Vision published this video out of his house in the National Park of Yosemite.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the popularity rise of last summer.
Beau doesn't make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if it's called Texas Mountain Berlin.
I had already published a lot of videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimmer.
Jimmy Kim published this tweet that was catalyzing video to popularity.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kim presents us new and interesting things, and they cut them into a wider audience.
Rebecca Black: It's Friday, Friday . You have to start the Friday . Everybody wants to come in the weekend, the weekend . Friday, Friday.
\" Friday"of Rebecca Black is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Like,``Architect double double ,"this video seemed to have emerged from nowhere.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks, they're also Friday.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday?
Well, I took the Toxo and a lot of blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, by Miss Science Theater, was one of the first people to make a joke on Twitter.
But what's important is that one person or a group of trends are adopting a view and they share it with a wider audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 pieces of``Friday"in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for every other day.
Unlike the global entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon by using it or doing something new with it.
\" Nian Cat"is a repetitive animation with a music.
So that's it.
This year he saw about 50 million times.
And if you think that's weird, you know that there's a three hours version that has seen four million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that woke up between the Internet theater community.
There was remix.
Somebody made an old version of the old one.
And then it became international.
Suddenly, the whole community of remix came up with it that made this happen from being a dumb joke to something that we can all be part of.
Because today we're not just enjoying, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted``architect double double"or Rebecca Black or``Nian Cat"?
What would you have written that I would have written this situation?
In a world where you get two days of video per minute, only that really unique and unexpected can rest the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me I had to see this great video of a guy who protest against the multiplies in New York, admit that I don't really interested.
Casey Nietn: I was moved by not circular for the bicycle, but there are often obstacles that prevent you properly by the bicycle.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and his humor, Casey Niez made five million watched and understood his idea.
So this approach is worth everything we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beau Vasconcelos: What does this mean?
Ohlong.
KA: What does this mean?
The trends of trends, creative communities of participation, completely unexpected, are characteristics of a new media, a new culture, which we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Bieber, started on YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little owners of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, they're just the current media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still being armed.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece: a man burning the entire job of a lifetime.
It's a poet, a playwright, a man whose life had been supported in the unique unit of unity and freedom of his country.
Imagine it while the communist comes into Saint, facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long friends, will now throw it out.
It took place in silence.
He died out of history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in vain, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to scare us, but we support it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when they're going to be silent to the sea.
My mother, Mau, was just 18 years old when his father died, and a market controlled and two small girls.
For her, life had gone down to a single task: the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was inconceivable for her that I couldn't do it.
And then from a four years old who challenges fiction, a boat goes down to the disguised sea vessel.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pirate, rape and death.
As most adults, my mother took a computer shot.
If you catch us, we first took my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine, the test diving in every wave, and the horizon and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirates that came several times, but that they were fooled with the men's courage in our boat, or the engine dying, and they can't run for six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to finish the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we're going to break in Melbourne.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women across three generations shaping a new life together.
We set up in Forever, a working-class suburb whose population is composed of immigrants.
Unlike the middle class suburbs, whose existence I discovered, in Forever, there was no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the previous English fragments were exchanged between people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked on farms, then on a car assembly line, working six days, double turn.
Still, I found time to study English and get a title in IT.
We were poor.
Every single dollar were assigned, and established an extra tutor in English and mathematics, no matter what you should take away, that usually it was new clothes; it was always a second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the ankle, because it had to last six years.
And there were weird and painful singing of the eyes, and some graffiti:``Asian, come home . ''
At home, where?
Something in me was hardened.
He was accumulating determination and a voice that said,``I'm going to overcome them . ''
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted every night, but we were told about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffers nightmare, all of the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to wake up.
She opened up a computer store, then he studied to be strategic and opened another business.
And women were coming with their stories about men who couldn't make the transition, angry and inflection, and kids who were trapped between two worlds.
They were looking for subsidies and sponsors.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, relentless with what he sued from myself.
In the other one, I was terrified in preconceived lives, tragically killed by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many of them got aid over the years.
And for that work, when I studied my last year of lawyer, I was elected by the year Australia of the year.
And I was catalyzed from a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
As I read Foster's anonymous resident, it was now Al Le, refugee and social activist, invited to speak in places that I had never heard of, and in houses whose existence she would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about nothing.
I wanted to retire the routine and the trust of life in an Indian suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, counting about the day of each and falling asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom who couldn't do it.
It reminded me that I had the same age that she had when we got on the boat.
The``no"had never been an option.
\" Make it ,"he said,``and you're not what you do . ''
So I talked about juvenile and education and destruction to the marginalized and the desperate.
And the more frankly he spoke, the more I was beaten to speak.
I met people from all the roads of life, many of them doing what they loved, living in the border of the possible.
And although I finished my bachelor, I realized I couldn't stay in a lawyer.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a stranger, a newly arrived, new one on the scene -- and not only it's okay, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a ship of ship.
Because being inside can easily mean to be able to collapse the horizons, it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province.
I gave the enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world is demoralized, but not the way we fear.
possibilities that wouldn't have been allowed to have been allowed to be extremely encouraged.
There was an energy there, an unlikely optimism, a lack of humility and bravery.
So I followed my intuition.
I joined a small group of people who the motto``can't do"was an irreversible challenge.
For one year, we didn't have a penny.
At the end of every day, he made a giant soup of soup that we all shared.
We worked all the way into the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant, and we opened.
I made the decision to move to the U.S.
after one trip.
My hearts again.
Three months later I had moved, and the adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time when the confusion was the social norm and the local Mandela was the person who mattered.
Life hadn't changed for centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it alone.
At 17, he became a conversation of a Mandarin whose mother was beaten.
Without support of your husband, you caused a restoration by demanding it and taking the cause itself, and much more returned caused when it won.
He can't be done to be wrong.
I was in the shower of a hotel in Sydney when she died, to 1,000 miles, in Melbourne.
I looked through the shower of the shower, and I saw her stop the other side.
I knew I'd come to be fired.
My mother called minutes later.
Later, we went to a Buddhist temple at Forerass and sat around their coffin.
We told stories and we made sure that we were still with it.
At night a monk came and told us he had to close the tuna.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monk,``Why is your hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold? ''
\" Because you've taken his hand in the morning ,"he said.
\" You haven't solved it . ''
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Since we were and how life formed us, now we can see that men who would have come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have done easily.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could wish that for itself?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a test in your lives, suppressing brave in every wave, the constant pace of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give it and see them, I would.
Trey Niley and also mother's mother is today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story starts in Rajasthan about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the singer Sufi Ali.
We were talking about how nothing has changed from the time of ancient epidemic,``The Mahabharata . ''
In those days, when the Indians wanted to travel to a car, and we broke the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when I was Alpha, the great Indian warrior prince, he had thirsty, he pulled out a bow and with an arrow to the floor, he got water.
Now we do the same with drill and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that got me very excited.
Every time I felt a little bit more about technology.
I was terrified by this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a priest if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't touch my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow magic, not to kill it.
My grandfather gave me his grandfather silver.
And this 50 years technological piece was for me the most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a full of images, of pirate and narratives in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phones, luxury clocks and cameras prevent that we dream.
They set up our inspiration.
And so I was launched, I ran into this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, instead of killing it.
It illustrates books since 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
You'll put the text together with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
storytelling becomes more and more three-dimensional.
But what does that serve?
I'm about to launch Khadelli, an interactive application for iPad.
He says,``Put your fingers on every light . ''
And so -- he says,``This box belongs to ..."I write my name.
And so I become a book character.
In several moments, I get a poster -- the iPad knows where I live thanks to GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl gets excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but to that childhood magic, to those ideas that we were opening with children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar were always passionate about.
So, over here, we have to tilt the iPad to release fireflies.
And, really, light your way into what's the rest of the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated with a little girl was that a whole galaxy has a ticket.
So here, every book and every world becomes a bag that I drag towards this magic device, within the device.
And this opens up a map.
In every fantasy book there have always been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows, fluctuation and guided for the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book, it also reveals.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another incredibly important aspect for me is to create Indian content and contemporary content.
These guys here are the addicts.
We've all heard of the fairies and the links, but how many people outside of India know their Indian counterparts, would you get them?
These poor advanced people have been trapped in the cameras of Indra for millennia, in an old old book.
So we're bringing them back in a contemporary child story.
In a story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And, talking about environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked up, attached to their PCs, they haven't come to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our children to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had lots of collections: sticks, stones, guitars and shells.
For some reason, kids don't.
So to recover this ritual of childhood, you have to go out and, in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So it creates a digital piece of photos that then you can put on the Web.
A London kid puts a picture of a fox, and he says,``Oh, I saw a fox today . ''
A child in India says,``I saw a monkey today . ''
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taken.
Inside of the connections between the magic, the Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we're planning to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video that's locked up and through the augmented reality, you see a group of adults that appear on the interior plants of the house.
At a moment the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and blow it out to be able to read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where the forces of nature are intertwined with technology and magic and technology get closer to each other.
We take sun's energy.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic, joy and child love that we felt through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of health projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the Radio University was to go to a listening director.
And not in a very scientific way, she took a little cup of coffee or you and asked patients, family and known, what happens?
\" How can we help it?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems that everybody, or maybe not everybody, but most health projects fail, because we stop listening.
This is my Wi-Fi school . It's very simple.
It's got a little bit of a lighter.
Every morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I put the challenge out to 95 kilograms.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect, I send my information to Google Health.
And my head doctor has access to him as well . So he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time when you need a heart assistance or some urgency of that style, but to see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
Like some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning connects me to my Wi-Fi school, and before I go up to my car, people start talking to me: Luca, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's the pressure of the peers used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week, it will be available.
This little threshold connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people will, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send it to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, and they will recover control and be captains of their own boat, but it can also help us health care because of the challenges that we face, like the firing of the costs of medicine, the doubling of demand and other topics.
To make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also through crocodile.
And one of the things we did would want to share with you with a video.
We all have sailing control controls.
Maybe even we have them in our phones.
We know perfectly where ATMs are in Matthew.
Also where they are all the gasoline.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the nearest DNA to help this patient?
We asked, but nobody knew.
Nobody knows where to get the DARPA saving lives right now.
And what we did was we do cross-controlled in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to: If you see a DVD, please send it, tell me where, and when it's open, because sometimes you open in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 dollars already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we did an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Leymah, augmented reality, to find these DVDs.
And every time you're in the city of Marshall and someone collapse, you can use your iPhone, and over the next weeks, I'll use your Microsoft cell phone to find the nearest Detento, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to present this one, not just as DET, which is the name of the product, but as USCBAS.
And we want to start with a global level.
We're consuming all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find, work and act as a center for the Descards of DNA around the world.
Every time you're from vacation and someone collapse, it can be a relative or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DVDs.
Could it be service services or phone people, for example, to see if the DVD that's shown is still in place.
Please help us in this and not only improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photography.
Or is it the photography?
Because, of course, they're photographs that cannot take their cameras.
My interest in photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
He mixed with my previous passion by drawing, but it was a little different because when I used the camera, the process was on planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends when you press the pulse.
For me, the photograph had more to do with being in the right place at the right time.
I thought anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start to press the pulse.
Folks like this: a construction in a very transparent road.
But it has an unexpected twist.
And despite it, it keeps a level of reality.
Or pictures like this -- dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of reality.
And when I say realism, I say photographers.
Because, of course, it's not something I can capture, but I always want it to seem to be captured in some way as a photograph.
Photos where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea than to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Is it the details or the colors?
Does the light intervene?
What creates the illusion?
Sometimes illusion is the perspective.
But the end is about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic, but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imaginative objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way can create something that seems three-dimensional, as if there were.
But at the same time, we know that it doesn't exist.
So let's take the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining photographs.
It really consists to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture seem realistic, I think, are those in which we don't even think about, the things around us in our everyday life.
But by combining photographs, it's very important to consider it, because otherwise something will look bad.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Second, the combined photos must have the same kind of light.
And these two images come up with these requirements; they were taken at the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of different images with a perfect union.
It has to be impossible to see where the image was made.
This is another example.
And I could think this is the image of a landscape, and the bottom is manipulated.
But this picture is totally composed by photographs of different places.
And personally, I think it's easier to create a place than to find it, because you don't need to put the ideas in your head.
But it requires a a lot of planning.
And because I thought this idea in winter knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing trip.
The costs are from a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a stone pit.
And yes, I did even red the house of the top of the island so that it seemed more Swedish.
So to get a realistic result, I think it takes planning.
You always start with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here each piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the outcome can be very beautiful and very realistic.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide about technology, very boring.
Please, if you can put it.
It's a diagram anybody who took a folder.
I'm not interested in showing you the details, but the general aspect.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of RISD microphones versus the power of local area networks.
What's interesting about this is that this, like many other ones that we tend to see, is a kind of straight line in the logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents a magnitude of magnitude on the performance scale.
Speaking of technology with sexual curves is a novel thing.
Here's something strange.
And that's exactly what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn up the lights.
It would need more intensity because writing on paper.
Why do we plot technological curves in logarithmic scales?
The answer is, if you draw them in a normal curve that we say, these are the years, or some time unit, and this would be any measure of technology that I want to plot, the diagram would look ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
He doesn't say a lot.
But if you plot, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a security curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this happens, it's a qualitative change.
If transportation technology advanced as fast as the microprocessor, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rhythm.
There's no precedent in the history of technological development of a retreating growth that every few years advance orders of magnitude.
The question I want to talk about is -- looking at these exponential curves, we see they're not forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
It will happen one of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve I know like this until something completely different, or maybe do something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this happen.
So, we would now be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what used to be the world, in a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask, and wonder, is, what is that new way that embracing the world?
What new state is the world headed?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're embedded in it.
I remember as a child the future happened in 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has shrunk, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something's happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years, because it's going to be so different that extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how that transition that we experience.
But to do that, I'll have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a much to do with technology and computing.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at things in the long term.
The scale of time I'd like to do that is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we got back about two billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that float around.
If we look at the way we organize those chemicals, we give a sense of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin with RNA . I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is that, at that point, I had floating some oil droplet with all sorts of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those droplets of oil contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate the exterior materials, and so on.
And they started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms, that oil droplet.
But those droplets were not alive, in the current sense, because every one of them contained a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they divide, you had an unequal distribution of the chemicals that they contain.
So every drop was a little different.
In fact, the droplet that somehow were being differentiated by being better at incorporating the chemicals, they grow more, they get more chemicals and they divide more.
They usually lived longer, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things were interesting when these droplets learned the trick of abstraction.
In some way we don't understand this very well, these droplets learned to store information.
They learned to keep information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to be able to replicate.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to be stable since it evolved two billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 white dust microorganisms trying to hide people's security people.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data on this DNA clip and hands it 10 at 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I have many for all of the present -- in fact, for every person in the world and is here.
If he was an lunch, he would have put it in a virus, and he would have spread it out of the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy for another billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things became very different, and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information forming the cells of cells.
I don't know if you know it, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So, for example, it evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin, and they were approved to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are a lot of resistance to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place that they would form communities that, in a way, were together in that, and they set up a synergy.
So they survived or failed together, or that if a community was very successful, all of the individuals of that community would replicate more and they were favorite for evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came up so much that, in fact, they came together and decided to write all the recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage we have molecular communities, communities of many different cells working together like a single organism.
In fact, we are a molecular community.
We have lots of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscles, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and they were more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
They started abstract information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than process in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being the responsible structures to record, understand and transmit information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time, as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism, not the evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learn how to eat a little fruit because I knew bad and sick the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had previously built these information processing structures that had learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals that ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system built those information structures dramatically accelerate the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now occur to an individual.
It could happen in the necessary time to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So, for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea, a vague idea, in your head.
I'm sitting here emitting a few groups, and hopefully by building a similar, vague, confusing idea, in your heads that holds certain analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated, we turn it into sound, in sound sequence, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start working like an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to make abstractions.
We now go through periods similar to multicellular organisms; we abstract our methods of record, presentation and information processing.
For example, language invention was a small step in that direction.
The telephony, the computer, the video tape, the CO2 and so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that brings us into something much bigger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds.
And you saw the evolutionary example of Tim in which it produced a certain evolution with the Control program, to our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of the story that told them took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next ones, the language etc., took less than a million years.
And next, like electronics, it seems just a few decades.
The process gets feedback; I suppose catalyst is the right word to name something that accelerates their own pace of change.
The more change, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we look at in this curve explosion.
We see the process gets feedback.
But I won my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that jobs to design them wouldn't be possible without recent computer advances.
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that it does every transistor in that connection machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of Tiniel Machemas, we think about a level of abstraction, we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you couldn't, it gets much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes it starts methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method, which I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates at the scale of microseconds.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We say,``Please computer, can you run a hundred million sequences of random instructions?
Could you run these sequences of random instructions, to execute all of those programs, and take those who are closer to what we want to do? ''
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did.
But one, luckily, could put two numbers in the right order.
And I said,``computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that they did the task?
Let's take those and take the rest out.
And we now reproduce the ones that were best ordered.
And we're going to play it back to reproducing a process of reconnecting analog . ''
Let's take two programs, which will engineer children, who exchange suburbs, and that children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs from the combinations of programs that had a little more success.
And we say,``Please repeat the process . ''
Again.
It involves some mutations.
And it tries again and I repeat it with another generation.
Well, each generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or, in complicated cases, in a few hours.
In the end, we end up with programs that order absolutely perfect ways.
In fact, they're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark programs, strangers.
But they get the committing.
In fact, I know, I have the security to get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that made it.
In fact, their lives depend on doing it.
I once went in a 747 with Martin Minsky, and he pulled out a card and says,``Look at this.
He says,``This airplane has hundreds of thousands of participants working together to offer a safe flight .' Doesn't make you feel quiet? ''
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they get complicated.
So we started to rely on computers to make very different design processes.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than normal engineering.
However, we don't understand the whole choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes ahead of us.
Now we use those programs to make a lot faster, and so that we can run these programs much faster.
So it's feedback.
The thing goes faster and faster, and so I think it seems so confusing.
Because all of these technologies are feedback.
We're taking off.
And we're at an analog moment of the single-celled organisms when they became multicellular.
We're the amoeba, and we can't understand what we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant of our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it is to come.
But now it comes lunch, and I think I'll stop here before I get eliminated.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've run enough time to allow myself to be part of my false prestige on that.
Before I treat my talk, we talk a little baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end, the World Series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's to go out``Rolling the rules"-- talk about statistics and to use them to form a great baseball team.
I'll focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called battery average.
And we talked about 300, from a bat that's $300.
That means that baseball battery effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game field without being caught, and anyone who tries to launch it to the first base, doesn't come in time, and the second base will be saved.
Three of 10 attempts.
You know how they call a 300 banker in the Great League?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know what they call a 400 baseball bat?
By the way, that's somebody from 10 hits, right.
legendary -- like legendary Ted Williams, the last player of Bible's eldest league to run over 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's throw this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable, or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I will tell you today.
Suppose they have applications and they're derived to a surgeon who has also a 400 degree record.
That doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place, and a loved self has two coronary arteries, and his family doctor will leave it to a cardiologist whose flu record is 200 . .
But do you know something?
She's getting better this year.
And their actions have been 257.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you believe that should be the average of a heart surgeon or a prosthetic surgeon or a nurse or a glass obsessed?
1,000, very well.
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in medicine knows the actions of a good surgeon, of a doctor or a doctor.
What we do, though, is to send the world, and I included me, with the mandate of being perfect.
That they never, ever, made a mistake and a chance to figure out how to do well.
That was the message I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a computer obsession student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldman studied to a blood exam.
Which.
I studied in my little dress, in the residence of General General Hospital, not far from here.
And I learned all memory.
In my anatomy class, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the ridge, the diagnosis of the difference and the non-state.
And I even knew the difference of the difference about how to classify kidney tuberculosis.
And as much as I was both and more knowledge.
And I was very well; I graduated with honor.
And I picked up from the medical school with the impression that if you memorize everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible, close to everything, because I'm going to join the mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met the lady Drug.
I was a resident in a university hospital here in Toronto when they brought the lady to Mr. Drug to the emergency service where I worked.
At that time, I was assigned to the cardiology service.
And when you emerge, I was able to take a cardiologist to go to that patient.
And they report the chief chief.
When I saw the lady Drug, I was narrative.
I heard a resource sound.
And when I argued it, I heard a sound in both sides, which led me to a frozen heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops to work, and instead of pumping blood forward, the blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose.
I did it, and I got to work on the treatment that I would give.
I gave him aspirin and medication to alleviate pressure in his heart.
I gave him directors, water pills, so that he could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And that's when he made the first mistake; he sent her home.
It actually made two more mistakes.
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents.
I didn't raise the phone, and I did what should have done, which was to call my boss and put it to him for her to see it.
And if my boss would have seen it, I would have been able to bring out complementary information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that required constant attention.
I might want to be so successful and able to take responsibility, which I could take care of my patients without even to contact my boss.
The second mistake that I ate was worse.
When he sent her home, he didn't pay attention to a voice in my interior who said,``Goldman, it's not a good idea . Don't do it . ''
In fact, I was so insecure that I asked the nurse to take care of Mrs. Drug:``Do you think it's okay if you go home? ''
And the nurse thought, and then he said,``Yes, I think it will be well . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So he signed up the high, and the ambulance along with the condoms took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I followed my work.
At the end of the day, I started to leave the hospital and walked into the parking where my car was to go home . At that time I did something I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service on the way home.
And there's another nurse, not the one that was taking care of Mr. Drug before, but another one . He told me three words, those three words that most of the emergency physicians fear.
Other specialists fear them too, but there's an emergency in an emergency, and it's that we look at patients.
The three words are: Do you remember you?
\" Do you remember the patient who sent his house? ''
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
\" Well she came back ,"with the same tone tone.
She was fine.
But back and on the edge of death.
At the time of having reached his house, after I gave him the high, he suffered a collapse and his family called 911; the doctors brought it to emergency with an artificial pressure of 50 centimeters of Hug, which means a shock.
I barely breathe and was blue.
The emergency staff deploy all their resources.
They gave him medication to raise the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial vents.
I was shocked and swims to the cord.
He had a mixture of feelings because after the stabilize was in intensive therapy, and he hoped against all hope that would recover.
And in the two or three days, it was evident that I would never wake up.
He had an irreversible brain damage.
The family got together.
and in eight or nine days, they came back to what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let it go . The Drug Drug, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next weeks, I was punished by that, and I experienced for the first time the malaria that exists in our medical culture, and I sat alone, isolated, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil shame that I'm talking about is that it makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we're bad.
And that felt.
And it wasn't for my boss; he was an charm.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure that I would smooth things and make sure that they wouldn't demand me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss? Why did he send her home?
And in my worst moments, why did it make a stupid mistake?
Why did medicine choose?
Little by a little bit of that feeling was being distributed.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, the sky opened and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I narrowed the efforts to be perfect to not make more mistakes, I would make those voices.
And it was.
I went back to work.
But it came back.
Two years later, I was help in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy and scared.
And he pointed out here.
I looked at his throat, he was a little colored.
He was prescribed by penicillin and sent him home.
But while he was headed to the door, he kept pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my guard change, my boss asked me to talk to me with my office.
And I started the three words: Do you remember you?
Does it remember the patient that he saw for a pain in the throat?
Well, he came back and didn't have a scarcinous facility.
It had a potentially deadly affect called epilepsy.
You can find it in Google . It's an infection, not of the throat, but from the top air, and that can cause the closing of those pathways.
He, fortunately, didn't fail.
He's administered antibiotics, and it's recovered at the few days.
And you go through the same period of shame and reputations, then I was relieved and went back to work, until over and over again and again.
Two times in the same emergency turn, they didn't diagnose.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it's 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a shock.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
They order a kidneys radio, but it turned out normal . A a colleague that was checking the patient perceived some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I read liquid to redesign and asked my colleague to review it.
You checked it, and by noticing some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant, he called the surgeon.
Both of them were operated and recovered well.
But every case, I was devoted . I was embarrassed.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise and like many colleagues say, it's a mess.
The most significant ones have been over the last five years.
Only, embarrassed and without support.
And here's the problem: if I can't liberate and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the vote I'm telling you what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach you this so they don't make the same mistakes?
If I went into a place like this, I had no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course, in a party, you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't hear somebody talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a tragedy in my hospital hit the wrong leg, believe me that I would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions: those who make mistakes and the ones that don't -- those who can't sleep and the ones that know -- those who have results and those who have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as antibodies that begin to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we move out of medicine to people who make mistakes, we will stay a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years, approximately of broadcast and medical journalism, I've made a a personal study of bad medical practices and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Torrow Star to my program: White Cough, Black Art.
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one in 10 drugs warning in the hospital are wrong, or the distribution is not right . In a system where hospital-acquired infections are increasingly, and more numerous, providing chaos and death.
In this country , 24,000 Canadians die for preventable medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000.
In both cases, it's about slums, because we're not dealing with the problem as we should.
And so there are things.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't update.
The privacy of sleep is invented.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect history of a pain patient in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest, and it comes crazy with strip eyes, and with an alcohol breath, and all of a sudden, my story stood off.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot; I don't always do the same.
And my patients are not cars . They don't relate their symptoms in the same way.
All of this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we took the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professionals to mistake, well, no one's going to stay.
And with respect to people don't want to talk about their most serious cases?
In my show,``Black Lexular, black art ,"it's a custom to say,``This is my worst mistake ."I would tell everybody, from the prosthetic to the heart of heart surgery,``This is my worst mistake ,"blah, blah, blah --``What are your mistakes?"And I would run the microphone to
And their students stopped, they would go back and go down the head and they would go back and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to be able to say,``Look, don't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where we can do it.
They need a redefine medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefine doctor is human, it knows human, it accepts it, and it doesn't be proud of their mistakes, but it's effort to learn what happened to teach others.
It shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It pointed out the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a loving and support way for everyone to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are going to run the system, and when this happens, they're making mistakes occasionally.
My name is Brian Goldman.
I'm a redefine doctor.
I'm human, I make mistakes.
And I'm very sorry, but I strive to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember.
Do you know how many decisions we take one day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I recently made a survey to over 2,000 people, and the average amount of choice that says to pick a average American, are about 70 a day.
Not long ago in a research followed for a week to a group of companies.
The researchers recorded the different tasks that are unemployed by these executives and the time they used to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, on average, they took 33 jobs per week.
Naturally, every work included a lot of mentality.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many people belong to nine minutes, and how many of an hour?
How do you heat the way that you handle those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today: choice to the options of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
While I talk about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, you raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is please please give a palm.
And now my first question of the day: Are you ready to hear about the problem of choice overload?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, I started this very, very high level of level -- at least at the time was very sophisticated.
His name was Drank's.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were about 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar, over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of the water, and this was when we took water from the faucet.
I loved going to that store, but in one occasion I asked myself, why didn't I buy anything?
This is the olive oil shelves.
They had over 75 different classes, including the ones that were in the sealed box that came from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager, and I asked him,``Does this strategy work well to provide all these options? ''
He pointed me the buses full of tourists that were coming every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the markets.
hallway.
They had 34 different classes.
We installed a post to stick, right to the entrance of the store.
We put out there filters of six flavors, or 24 different flavors and we looked at two things: First, what case people were willing to stop to test the market?
More people stopped when there was 24 , 60 percent, when there were only six , 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a market.
Here we find the opposite effect.
The ones that were stopped when there was 24, only three percent came to buy market.
The ones that stopped when there were six, we saw 30 percent bought.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy the market if they found six, that if they found 24.
Well, to decide that we don't buy it probably, it's probably good to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of choices affects us in very momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't convince us.
Now the theme of the day: the financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Ground Hubble, Emm Kammando and Wei Jane, where we looked at the decisions of savings for about a million Americans, from about 650 plans of this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds of funds available into retirement plans for retirement, the 404 program, determined people to save for the future.
And we discovered that there was really a correlation.
We had 65 plans that were going from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger number of funds were offered, there were less participation.
So if we look at the extremes, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the rate of participation was 70 percent or more, not as high as it would be.
And in the plans that are offering about 60 funds, the rate of participation went into the 60 percentile.
It turns out even if you decide to participate, when there are more options, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the bigger the number of options, the more people were encouraged to avoid actions or hedge funds.
As soon as there were more options, they were more willing to invest in market care accounts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize the future financial well-being.
We've seen three main negative consequences in the previous decade of offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they put the decision, which will apply it even when this goes against self-interest.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions, in finance and health.
They're more likely to choose less satisfying things, even though they're going better.
The main reason is that we're looking at that giant variety of mass, mustard, vinegar and mercury, but we're not able to make the calculations to compare, contrast and choose from that impressive exhibition.
Today I want to propose to you four simple techniques that we've tested, in one way or another, in different research, so that they can test in their business.
The first is, Curt.
You've heard before, but it's never been true than today, which is more.
People always bother when I say,``Cut . ''
They worry about losing space in the shelves.
But actually what we're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut, get rid of strange redundant options, there will be an increase in sales, down the costs, there will be a better experience in choice.
When Professor & Gamble went from 26 different types of Head & Hawaii to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Goldman Cat eliminated the products for cats of cats that were less sold, they increased the uses in 87 percent, by two causes: greater sales and lower costs.
It's known that today's supermarkets, on average , 45,000 products.
In a Wal-Mart store, it's about 100,000 products.
But the largest thing in the current world is Alliance and offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of a tomato tomato.
In the world of financial savings, I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to manage the choices is the plant of David Labs, the Harvard program.
All Harvard employees are automatically incorporated to a life insurance fund.
You really want to choose, they're offered 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know, people say,``I don't know how to cut.
They're all important options . ''
The first thing I do is I ask employees,``Tell me the differences between those options.
And if your employees can't difference, you cannot do it your customers either . ''
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was chatting with Gary.
He told me that I would be willing to offer the people in this audience, a vacation with everything to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give a applause if you're ready to take Gary's office.
( Drum applause) Okay . Anyone who's ready to accept the supply.
Aren't you?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that journey?
I think it really came to hear more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round, which in the second one, but I can adventure and say they thought the second time it was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the options of options, which is Congress.
So that people understand the differences between options, they have to understand the consequences of every option, and the consequences should be feeling very much, very concrete.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when I use debit or credit cards, than when it uses effective?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out to make it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shell Benjamin and Alexander prevention, about personal NGO people who worked on an NGO, and these people were in a meeting where they were being taken at a 404 plan.
In that meeting, we looked at exactly how it was used, we did a little addiction.
What we added was that we took the staff to the staff that they would think of the positive things that would happen in their lives if they were saving more money.
With this minute there was an increase in the standards of 20 percent and an increase in the amount they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings account, four percent.
The third technique is classify.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study that we did in a magazine hallway.
We saw that in the Wemb supermarkets, it's all along the North corridor, the magazine exhibition can contain from 333 different types to 666.
But you know?
Because the classification tells me how to differentiate them.
These are two jewelry exhibitions.
One is called``jazz"and the other,``Swiss . ''
If you think that the one on the left is Swiss, and the one on the right is jazz, they give a a palm.
( Four applause) Well, there are some.
If you think that the one on the left is jazz, and the one on the right is Swiss, they give a palm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is jazz, and the one on the right is Swiss, but you know something?
This classification scheme is totally useless.
The categories have to indicate something to choose, not that the defines.
You often see this problem with those huge funds of funds.
I guess who they are informing?
My fourth category: Condition complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We need to increase complexity gradually.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a very complicated decision; the purchase of a car.
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allow you to completely personalize it.
You have to take 60 decisions, to assemble the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that it offers each.
Color, outer color of the car . I have 56 possibilities.
engine, change box, four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order that decisions appear.
So half the customers are going to go from many options , 56 colors, a few, four boxes.
The other half of customers are going to go from a few options, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look at?
How involved you are.
If you're always action button in every decision, this indicates you're overwhelmed, or it's: we're losing them.
We found that those who go from many options to a few, push the button over and over again, and another.
We lose them.
If you go from a few options to many, continue there.
Same information, the same number of choices.
The only thing I did was alter the order that information is presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn to choose.
And even though that pick the box of change doesn't say anything about the preferences of inner decoration, anyway, we're preparing to choose.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more hooked with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the options of options: cutting, eliminating strange alternatives, concrete, making it real -- classify, we can handle more categories with less options; it's conditioning complexity.
All of these techniques that I've presented to you were designed to help manage alternatives, or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who serve.
It's that I think the key to get the best of a choice is being careful to choose.
And the more careful we are in our best choices we can actually practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in communist East Germany, if you had a typewriter, you had to register it to the government.
You had to register a piece of text written with the machine.
And that so that the government could track the origin of text.
If you found a writer with the wrong message, you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't conceive that somebody could do this, how much it would limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer of any big manufacturing, and you print a page, that page will end up having a few yellow yellow dots in every page that makes it a pattern that makes them own one and your printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to be able to blame a lot.
This is an example of the ways our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of three main causes of problems on the network.
If you look at what happens in the online world, we can embrace the attacks according to their attacker.
There are three main groups.
There's the cybercriminals.
Like Mr. Dimitri Gulf of the city of Kiev, Ukraine.
Cyber phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use cyberattacks to earn a lot of money, lots of quantities.
There are really many cases of millions online, multinational, who won money with their attacks.
This is Village Tasks, from Tarawa, Estonia.
This is Alfred Google.
This is Stephen Watt.
This is Bruno Sunday.
These are Matthew Anderson, Toby Aldron etc., etc., etc.
These guys do their online fortune, but they do it by illegal media through banking trees to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The secret U.S. service two months ago, frozen the Swiss account of this gentleman, Sam Jain, and this account had 14 million dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. Jain swim sold; you know his partner.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us are victims of a cyber than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going to be worse in worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks that we see today is not motivated by the money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions, they motivate laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have figured out in the last 12 months taking a role in the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacker: criminals that do it for money, hackers like Anonymous who do it to protest and the last group are the national states that attack.
And then we see cases like Digeria.
That's a good example of government attack against its own citizens.
Digital is a country's certificate authority or, actually, it was.
And declared the last fall because of a taste.
They survived the safety of the site, and they had a cyclist.
Last week, I said, in a meeting with the Dutch government representatives, I asked one of the leaders if they found a death of people's death of the attack to Digital.
And the answer of it was yes.
So how do people die because of an attack of these?
Digital is a certified authority.
They sell certificate.
What does the certificate serve?
Well, you need if you have a website with the tracks, the SUV services, the services like Gmail.
Except to be able to get a foreign certified authority.
And they're emitting applications.
And the case of Digital happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt?
Well, in Egypt, protesters took off the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April of 2011, and during the looting of the building, they found a lot of papers.
Among those papers, I was this cardiovascular titled``CSIV . ''
And within that folder there were notes of a company in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept a lot of scale the communications of the country's citizens.
They had sold this tool for 120,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company's headquarters is right here.
So, Western governments provide tools to the totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments are also doing this.
For example, in Germany just a couple of weeks ago, the Scottish Trophin was found -- a tribute used by German government officers to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is intervened.
But today it goes beyond.
The Internet is being established.
You'll use even tools like the Scotland Trophing to infect our computer with a troop to allow them to see all communication, and listen online discussions, to get our data.
When we think carefully in things like this obvious answer should be,``Well, it looks bad, but I don't really affect myself because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's at stake the privacy.
The privacy doesn't be discussed.
It's not a question of the privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right we respond today, to be forever.
Do we trust any future government, in a administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live . I live in Kenya, in the south part of Nairobi National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, at the bottom, and behind the cows, the National Park of Nairobi.
Nairobi National Park doesn't have close to most of the south, which means that wild animals like the zebras migrate freely out of the park.
And predators, like lions, follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our livestock.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning, and we found it dead, I felt very bad because it was the only bull we had.
My community, the mass, we think we come from the sky with our animals and all the land to interpret them, and so we value it so much.
So I grew up hate a lot of lions.
The dying are warriors that protect our community and the livestock, and they're also upset with the problem.
So kill lions.
This is one of six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there's so few in the National Park of Nairobi.
A child in my community, from six to nine years, is responsible for his father's cattle, and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to fix this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions were afraid.
But I realized that I actually didn't serve, because it even helped lions to see the stable of far.
I didn't give up . I continued.
A second idea was to use a spaghetti.
I tried to trick the lions to think that it was near the establishment.
But the lions are very smart . They came the first day and saw the stickers, and they went, but the second day, they came back and said,``This thing doesn't move, it's always here . So they jumped and killed animals . ''
So one night, I was walking around the shelf with an torch, and that day the lions didn't come.
He discovered that lions are afraid of light that moves.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch with which I'm going to learn and shut out the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight.
It's all over.
As you can see, the solar cell load the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the little box, and I call it a transformative.
And the Indian box makes lights flash.
As you can see, the bulbs give out, because that's where lions come from.
And this is how you see him lions when they come at night.
The lights flash and drop the lions to think I'm walking through the stable, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had problems with lions.
And the homes of the neighborhood heard the idea.
One of them is from this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals the lions and asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes . .
I put them . You can see the background, these are the lions for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community and are serving a lot.
And my idea is also used now all over Kenya, to scare other predators as hyenas, leopards, and also being used to put elephants from farms.
And thanks to this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brooklyn International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school is now helping to raise funds and awareness.
I even took my friends to my community and installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So, a year ago, I was just a kid in the grasslands of my father spreading my father's cows, and I used to see planes flying, and he told me that one day would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come to TED for the first time.
My great dream is to become an engineer of aviation and pilot when I grow up.
I used to hate lions, but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
I'm smelling . What I mean in my tongue, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you get a scholarship . Richard Turner: Yeah.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's next on your list?
RS: My next invention is -- I want to make an electric fence . CA: An electric fence?
RS: I know the electric fences already invented, but I want to do mine.
CA: So I tried once, right? And you -- LT: I've tried it before, but I stopped because I got a calm . CA: At the foot of canyon . Richard Turner, you're a big thing.
We're going to animate in every step that you have, from my friend.
Thank you very much . RS: Thank you very much.
When I was a little, I thought my country was the best one.
And I grew up singing a song called``Nothing . ''
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim Internet, but we never learned much from the rest of the world, except America, South Korea, Japan are the enemies.
Even though I asked myself about the rest of the world, I thought I'd spend my whole life in North Korea, until everything changed.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor, and I had never been hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from my sister's colleague.
He said,``When you read this, the five members of the family will stop in this world, because we haven't eaten in the two weeks.
We're collected together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we're prepared to die . ''
I was very upset.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
As long as I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible I can't erase from my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a child climbing in his arms looking at his mother's face without being able to do anything.
No one helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine in North Korea in the middle of the '90s.
In the end, over a million Norwegians died during famine and only a few survived eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequent the energy cuts, all around me was completely dark at night except for the sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the American River, which serves the limit between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very narrow in certain points, allowing North Koreans to secretly cross.
But many die.
Sometimes I saw bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of the North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of hunger, I was sent to China to live with distant relatives.
But I just thought I would be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family family.
I had no idea what life looks like.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because northern refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be repeated to a horrible destination back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police, and I was interrogated in police station.
Somebody had accused me to be a normal, then they tested my skills in Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and I answered the questions.
At the end of the interrogation, an officer told another,``This was a fake report . She's not north . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle.
Some northerns in China look for asylum in foreign embassy.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and sports.
These women were very lucky.
Even though they had caught them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These reefs weren't so lucky.
Every year, countless Koreans are captured in China and sports to North Korea, where they're tortured, imprisoned or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape, many other Koreans haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that Koreans have to hide their identities and fight that hard only to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of his world can be used in an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to risk going to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
Being in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a great gap between North and South.
We are all Koreans, but inside, we've become very different because of 67 years of division.
You even go through a crisis of identity.
Am I string or north?
Where am I? Who am I??
Suddenly, there was no country I could call with pride.
Even though to adapt to life in South Korea, it wasn't easy, I made a plan . I started studying for the income test to college.
Just when I started adapting to my new life, I got an alarming call.
The North Korean authorities would intercept some money that sent my family, and, as a punishment, my family was going to be displaced to force to a location outside.
They had to immediately flee.
I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China, and I love the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow, by over 3,000 miles across China, and then through Southeast Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and we almost got caught several times.
Once, our bus was stopped and addressed by an official of the Chinese police.
He asked everybody's identification, and he started asking them questions.
As my family I couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I used to stand up, and I told him that they were a sweet person who was doing.
He looked at me suspects but fortunately believed.
We did all the way to the border of Lagos.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Lagos.
But even after spending the border, my family was arrested and filled by crossing the border illegally.
After paying tickets and bribes, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and imprisoned again in the Lagos capital.
This was one of the lowest dots in my life.
I did everything to liberate my family, and we were so close, but my family was held in prison to short distance from the South Korean embassy.
I was going and came between the immigration office and police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or crutches.
I lost hope.
At that moment, or a man's voice asking,``What is the problem? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would care about question.
With my poor English and a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt, the man went to the ATM and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two Norwegians and taking them out of prison.
I thank him with all my heart, and I asked him,``Why do I help me? ''
\" I'm not helping you ,"he told me.
\" I'm helping the normal village . ''
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The ultimate stranger symbolizes a new hope for me and for the normal village when we did more.
And he showed me that the kindness of strangers and support in the international community are really the rays of hope that the normal village needs.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving their freedom is only half the battle.
Many Koreans are separated from their families, and when they go to a new country, they start with a little or nothing of money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, English language practices, work practice, and more.
We can also act as a bridge among people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us continue with families still inside, and we send information and money that's helping to change North Korea from inside.
I've been very lucky, I have received a lot of aid and inspiration in my life, so I want to help giving birth an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more Norway translations around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in Central Center.
This is Central Center: shortage stores, fast food, badlands.
So the city planners were meeting and thought, we're going to change the name of Central Center to represent something else, so they changed it to Los Angeles South, as if this would fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is the Los Angeles South . You tend to pick them up, fast food, badlands.
Just like 26 million Americans, I live in a food desert, the Angeles Center South, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that food places to carry kill more people than food in the car.
People are dying from curable diseases in Los Angeles Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than, say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing this.
And I wonder, how would they feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you get out of home, you see the effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood?
I see chairs of bought wheels and sold as cars used.
I see centers of dilute dialysis like Starbucks.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
And I'm also tired of driving 45 minutes away, and he turns around to buy an apple that doesn't have pesticides.
What I did, I was planting a food forest in front of my house.
In a sliver of land we call a gardening.
It's about 45 feet three feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said,``Well, I can do what I'm doing, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Group, we put together and we started planting our food forest, fruit trees, you know, the nine full vegetables.
What we do, we are sort of a group that is paid by advance compounds of all the processes, all of the city and completely voluntary, and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then someone complained.
The city got me on the top, and in summary, they gave me a quote saying that I had to retire my garden, the quote was made order.
And I was like,``Come on, really?
A judicial order for planting food in a piece of land that no one matters?"So I was like,``Well, let's take it . ''
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Lovel, and I talked to the conceptual and one of Green Grounds's members, who put a petition in Changenic, with 900 signatures, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My staff even called to say that they were back and looked at what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the city of America with more badlands.
It's 68 miles of badlands.
That's 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 750 million tomato plants.
Why don't hell look like this?
It will grow a plant to give a thousand , 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar of hackers will give you 75 dollars of results.
It's my anthem, when I tell people, they grow your own food.
Creating your own food is like printing your own money.
You'll see, I have a legacy for Central Center.
I grew up there . I raised my kids there.
I became part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me for others, and I'm going to manufacture my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The gardening is my graffiti, I grow my art.
Like a graffiti artist, which I've got to do walls, I'm starting soils, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and the plants and the trees, are my embarrassing of that canvas.
They would be surprised to see what the land can do, if you let it be their canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the Earth.
We are the land.
They would be surprised to see how it affects kids.
Gradual is the most therapeutic and provocative act you can do, especially in a uniform.
Also, they get strawberries.
I remember one occasion, who came a mother and his daughter, they were like the 1932 p.m., and they were in my garden, I went out and looked very appropriate.
And I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame to see people who were so close to me with hunger, and this just reinforces why I do this, and people ask me,``End, don't you fear people to steal your food? ''
To what I say,``For God no, I'm not afraid you're going to steal it . ''
That's why it's on the street.
That's what it is.
I want you to take it, but at the same time, I want you to challenge your health . ''
There was another time I put a garden in a refugee shelter in the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous, they shared his stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with her mom and grandmother, and it was great to see how it changed it, so just for a moment.
So Green Grounds has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We've had, like 50 people who come, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow tail, kids will eat tail.
If you grow tomatoes, you'll eat tomatoes . But if none of this is taught, if you're not taught how the food affects your mind and the body, they eat blind what they put in front of you.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're trapped in . I see color kids who are in this path designed for them, that doesn't take them anywhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity in which we can train these guys who are taking care of their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
The next George Washington Card is produced.
But if we don't change the Earth's composition, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same block.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy cafes.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability is you have to hold it up.
What I'm talking about is to make people work, take kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening farmers of farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want you all to be converted into ecological meetings, subsidies, subjective gardens.
We have to change the script of what a speech is.
If you're not a gardening, you're not a sand.
That the stakes take their stick right?
That's your choice weapon.
In sum, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some shit -- to talk about doing some shit.
If you want to see me, come to the garden with his stick so that we can plant something.
Peace . Thank you.
Thank you.
( hammer noise) )) ): You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially in days like today, that it takes a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the asphalt that supports.
And especially if you're riding on your bike and these cars go, that's not very nice.
Also, asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to the cities, we want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make porous asphalt roads.
The porous asphalt, a material that we use now in most countries in the Netherlands, has pores, and water can pass through it, so all the rain water flows into the sides and you'll have a road that's easy to drive, and they won't jump water.
Noise will also disappear in these pores.
Because it's very hollow, all noise will disappear, so it's a very quiet road.
It also has disadvantages, of course, and the downside of this road is you can get rid of it.
What's getting rid of? You see, in this road, the stone stones come out.
First one stone, then several and more and more and then -- well, I won't do that . But you can give it your windshield, and you won't be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more damage.
Sometimes they can create bacteria with that.
Ah . It's ready.
Bach, of course, can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how the damage appears in this material.
It's a porous asphalt, as I said, so only has a little amount of adoption between the stones.
Because of the injection, to the ultraviolet light, to the rusty, this adolescence, this band, the glue between the river, it will be shrinking, and if you take it, you'll get mixed and separate from the aggregate.
So, if you drive the road, you'll get the aggregate -- as we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think about self-repair materials.
If we can make this material mate, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool, from that to clean sales, and we can cut the steel wool into very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the beta.
So we have asphalt with little steel wool pieces in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- a machine of induction.
induction can heat, especially steel, is very good at that.
So what you need to do is heat the steel, melt the beta, the mushroom flows through these microbes, and the stones will go again to the surface.
I used a microwave oven today, because I can't bring the great industry machine here to the stage.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the show, which now I'm going to take to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought,``Well, that's really interesting . We have to try . ''
So they gave us a piece of road , 400 feet from the Academy Accenture, where we had to make a test lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there . You see where we were doing the test on road, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any damage . That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road and tested them in the lab.
We did aging the samples, we put a lot of charge on them, we repeated them then with our induction machine, and we repair them and we tested them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've made a material using steel fibers, including these fibers, using the energy energy to actually increase the life of the road surface, can even double the life of the road, you can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of whether it also worked.
We still have the show here . It's pretty hot.
You actually have to cooling first before you can show the repair.
But I'm going to do an attempt.
Let's see . Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having woken up one morning with the sound of the fog in my house.
My father was listening BBC News in his little gray radio.
He had a big smile in his face that was unusual at the time, because the news generally depressed it.
\" Taliban stood!"I screamed my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
\" Now you can go to a real school ,"he said to me.
One morning I will never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban was taken from Afghanistan and made illegal girls to go to school.
For the next five years, I was looking at a child to escort my older sister, who could no longer be alone, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so nobody could suspect where we were going.
We had to hide the books in market bags so that we were shopping.
School was in a house, more than 100 of us approved in a little room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew we risk our lives; the teacher, the students and our parents.
Occasionally, school suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban suspected.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we lived?
We were terrified, but yet, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very fortunate to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a treasure.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total discomfort of a remote province of Afghanistan, he insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and his father responded.
But my mother education became master.
This is her.
It will retire two years ago, just to turn our house in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of all his family in getting education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban, despite the risks.
For him, there was a larger risk in not to educate his children.
Over the years of Taliban, I remember that there were moments that I was very frustrated by our life and was always scared and didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said,``Yemeni, my daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
They can steal your money . You can force your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here, and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So do you still want to continue? ''
Today I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the back, and if my family hadn't been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself here proud of graduating in Billion College.
When I came back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, the one who was exiled from his home for the courage to educate his daughters, was one of the first ones to be happy.
He's not only married my university degree, but I'm also the first woman, and I'm the first woman, which I've been driving by the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1023, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded SOPA, the first one and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country in which it's still risky for girls going to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage opportunity.
And I see his parents and their families that, like my own, they advocate for them, despite and still face a daunting opposition.
Like Ahmed . It's not his real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter went from SOLE to his village, and literally they escaped from being killed by a bomb on the way, for minutes.
When he came home, they're the phone, a voice would warn him if he kept sending his daughter to school, and they would try again.
\" Let me already, if you want ,"he said,``but I'm not going to hurt my daughter's future for his old and twisted ideas . ''
What I've given from Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of us who succeeded, there's a father who recognized the value of his daughter, and that he sees that she's successful of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers haven't been key in our success.
In fact, it's often the first compelling artists of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, the girls who went to school are told in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear these changes don't last long, after the retreat of the U.S. troops.
But when I come back to Afghanistan, when I see the students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, I see the future, I see a future and a lasting change.
And for me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and possibilities unlimited, and every day, the girls of SOPA are remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
Never, I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died at the exile,``daughter, resistant to Gaddafi . fought against him.
But you never become a Galapagos style . ''
They've spent almost two years since that the Libya revolution inspired by mass movements so much from the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian.
A force with lots of other liberal citizens, inside and outside the country to call a spring day and start a revolution against the territory of Gaddafi.
And we did it; it was a great revolution.
Women and young men were in the forefront, demanding each of the regime, providing freedom of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a courage to face the diagnose of Gaddafi.
They've shown a a lot of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and a few losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the tyrant.
However, Gaddafi left a heavy load, a legacy of tyranny, corruption and altering seeds.
For four decades, the Gaddafi territory of Gaddafi destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of Libya society.
Conscious of devastation and challenges, I've wanted, together to many other women, rebuild the online civil society, demanding an inclusive and fair transition to democracy and national reconciliation.
There were approximately 200 organizations in Beijing during, and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, approximately 300 in Ethiopia.
After a 33 year-old period of exile, I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm, I started organizing workshops about the development of capabilities, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the platform of Women Children's platform, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate for the social autonomy of the woman and for our equal participation right in the building of democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the prefrontal period, an environment that was increasingly polarized, which is model of selfish and excuse policies.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won 17 percent of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, slowly, the elation of elections and revolution as a whole, they were disappearing; every day we found news news.
One day we wake up with the news of ancient mosques and super-state graves.
Another day, I started with the news of the American Embassy and the consumer attack.
Another day we wake up with the news of the Army official murder.
And every day, every day we woke up with the government of the military and their continued violations of the human rights of prisoners and their lack of law respect.
Our society, formed by a revolutionary mindset, is more polarizing, and it's gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, we had at the beginning.
Interplace, exclusion and revenge became the icons of the consequences of revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire them with our history of the``creative list"and the elections.
And I'm right here today to trust that we, as a nation, we chose wrong, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to Libya.
The creative list and otherness between candidates and candidates brought national peace and national reconciliation?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still polarized and dominated with selfish and excuse policies, both for men and women?
Perhaps what was missing were not just women, but the female values of compassion, mercy and inclusion.
Our society needs national dialogue and consensus creation more than the elections, which only reinforced polarization and division.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female that needs the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as agents of outrage and calling the anger days.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We need to develop a female speech, not only honor, but also putting the mercy instead of the revenge, the collaboration instead of competition, the inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by war, desperately needs to be able to achieve peace.
Because peace has an algorithm that's about the interaction and the alternative between female perspectives and male perspectives.
That's the real cream.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a socioeconomic way.
According to a version of the Koran, the peace --``is the word of the memorial God, the bomb, compassionate . ''
At the same time, the word``ram ,"which is known in all the Abraham traditions, it has the same root in Arabic that the word``ram"-- uterus -- symbiotics the feminine and maternal, which fits all the humanity that men and women, that all the tribes and all the people have been pregnant.
And so, just like the uterus covers the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of compassion is all the existence.
That's how we say,``My mercy dropped all things . ''
That's how we say,``My mercy is about my anger . ''
They're all told by the grace of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an infinite question, which has an equally disturbing answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is that they all do: Why do she stay?
Why was anyone going to stay with a man who stuck him?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old . I had just been released at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in the Science magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green Atlantic Story target, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul, put me to my head with a gun, locked up with a flat ball bullet.
The man, who loved more than nobody in this world, put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of``Love crazy ,"a psychological trap, enjoy love, where they fall every year of women, and even some men.
Until it could be your story.
I don't look like a typical survival of domestic violence.
I'm a license in English at Harvard University, and I have a MBA at the Warren Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for the list``Fortune 500 ,"between them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burner and The Washington Post.
I took almost 20 years married with my second husband, and we have three children.
My dog is a black writer and driving a Minister Odolk.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all races, all the religions, all the realm and education levels.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of mammals are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate, interdependent and long relationships, or said otherwise, in families, the last place where we want or expect to find violence -- reason for which the domestic abuse is so puzzling.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would be stuck with a man who would stick, and actually I was a very typical victim because of my age.
It was 22 years old, and in the United States, women between 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls in that age are killed every year by couples, boyfriend and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold and rainy night of January.
I was sitting next to me in the subway of New York and started to float with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was he had just got a university from the Indian Lab, and I worked in a very important bank from Wall Street.
But what struck me most of the first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it looked like a field of the field.
He had a bunch of big mouths like apples, and an wheat blonde hair, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congo did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it especially at the beginning of a pedestal.
We started coming out and loved everything about me: that I was ready, I had gone to Harvard, who would put passion to help teenage girls, and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congo believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as nobody had ever done.
And that was why the literature in that prestigious school and work in Wall Street and his bright future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase of any domestic violence is to seduce and make victim.
And I didn't know the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted, I left my job and Congo and I was together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a crazy love, which was entering a head in a physical, fundamentally prepared, psychological trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it react.
And here's where those gun pills come in.
As soon as we moved to New England, you know, that site where I was supposed to have to feel so safe was bought three beats.
One was in the car glove.
Another one would keep it under the pillow in our bed and the third always in its pocket.
And he said that he needed those guns because of the trauma that lived small.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those gun actually were a message for me, and even though I had never raised my hand, my life was already in danger, every minute of every day.
The first physicist of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning, and I still had the shirt.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's girlfriend and married me.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we would live happily happily, because I loved him, and he also wanted me to.
And I was very, very regret.
It just had been very overwhelmed by the wedding and the fact that I would form a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never make it harm.
I spent twice more on our honey moon.
The first time I was driving to a secret beach, and he lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I was bouncing several times against the car's window.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, he was an accumulated accept, and I threw a Big Mac cold to the face.
Now, I've continued to leave one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought I was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is a victim of domestic violence or bullying at some point in their life, and the Center of Disease Control reports that every year 15 million children are battered , 15 million . .
So, actually, I had very good company.
Going back to my question: Why did I stay?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, in love with a deeply tormented man, and was the only person in the world that could help Congo to face his devils.
The other question that everybody does is,``Why don't you just get away? ''
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
So for me, this is the saddest and slide question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that normally you ignore: it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a mathematician.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of murders in cases of domestic violence happen after the victim has put the relationship end to the relationship, after they march, because then the abuse has nothing to lose.
Other repercussions include permanent harassment, even after the abuse has become married, density of financial resources, and manipulation of the family system of family to terrified the victim and their children, who are usually forced by the judges to spend no overlap with the man who pasted their mother.
And yet, we keep wondering why isn't it going?
I was able to join myself, because of one last one, I was running my denial.
I realized the man who loved so much, I would have killed if I had been allowed.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody: the police, my neighbors, my friends and family, completely unknown, and I am here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to stereotype victims as spooky headlines, automatic women, damaged goods.
The question,``Why do you stay? ''
For some people, it's a way to say,``The fault is to stay ,"as if the victims are inherently going to be in love with men who want to destroy.
But since I published``crazy love ,"I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also escaped, who learned an endless lesson of what happened to them, and they record their lives, happy and happy lives like employees, wives and mothers, completely free violence, like mine.
Because it turns out I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence.
I became married with a tender and nice man, and we have those three children.
I have that black vocabulary, and also that minister.
What I'm not going to have again, ever, is a charged gun pointing my head in the hands of someone who says I want.
At this point, you're thinking,``Hi, that's fascinating!"or``Hi, what stupid it was, but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people, the ones that are listening to me right now, that they're being battered or that they were small, or they're abused.
The math could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to put my crazy particular love by breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse will just thrive in silence.
They have the power to end the domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
victims need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take out the pen to the light talking about it with his children, their coworkers, their friends and family.
They represent your vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people who have a full future.
They recognize the early violence of violence to intervene consciously, to slow up their climb and show the victims a safe output.
Together we can turn our beds, our tables and our families in safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hi . I call myself Cameron Russell, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be accurate, for 10 years.
And I feel that right now there's a uncomfortable tension in the room because I shouldn't have been dressed in this room . luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first clothes of clothes on a TED stage, so you have a lot of luck to present it, I.
If some of the women were horrified when they came up, they don't have to tell me now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These heels are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I don't have to use them anymore.
The worst part is to spend this sweater for your head, because it's when you're going to laugh from me, so you don't do anything while I get your head up.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
appearance is powerful, but also shallow.
I've completely changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I never had a boyfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer told me to grab the back, and I would take the hair of the boy.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial tan like the one that I made two days ago for work, there's very little we can do to transform our appearance, which, even though shallow and unchanging, has a huge impact on our lives.
So today, to be courageous means to be honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my labor sector, that's a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always make me, but honestly.
The first question is, how does it become model?
And I always say,``A batteries found me, but that doesn't mean anything . ''
The real reason I made model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we haven't only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we're biologically programmed to admire, we've also associated with a high and electronic shape, to the feminine and a white skin.
And that's my heritage, a heritage that I've been able to leverage to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience that are now skeptical, and maybe there are some love lovers that say -- wait, there's Naomi, Tire, Joan Smiths, Liu West.
First of all, the happy for knowing so many models . It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at New York told each and every single model in the runway, and from the 67 models hired, only 27, is to say, less than four percent, they weren't white.
The next question that people are always doing is: Could it be model when it's older?
And my first answer is: I I don't know, I don't know that.
But then, what I'd really tell each of these girls is,``Why? You can be whatever you want . ''
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a ninja, poet, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, you still insist, no, no, Cameron, I want to be model, then I tell you, I know my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of nothing, and you could be the head of the American Voice magazine or the executive director of H & M, or the next Steven Geiger.
You want to say that more you want to be model is like you want to win the lottery when you're older.
It's outside your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose.
I'm going to show you everything I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike cardiac surgery, it can be summed right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've already finished your studies, and you have a rsum and a few jobs to your backs, no longer matter what you say, I mean, if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your rsum said,``Well, model of underwear for 10 years, people would look at you weird . ''
The next question that people are always doing is whether all the photos are picking up.
And yes, they're virtually picking up all the photos, but that's just a little bit of what happens.
This was the first picture that took me, and also the first time I used a bike, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal terrain, but it was a girl.
That's what my grandmother took about a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a party party a few days before the photos for the French Voice.
Here I am with my soccer team and in the V magazine.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
These are creation of a group of professionals, blood and makeup, photographers and styles, and all their habitats and people in charge and prosperity, and they can create this . That's not me.
Well, the next question that people are always doing is: Do you get free things?
I have too many 20 feet, and I never use, except the previous couple, but the privilege I get in real life, and the ones that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a store and forgot to take money, and they gave me the free dress.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a kind of a driver, and it came out of a red red, and, of course, they stopped, and it was a sorry, and I'm sorry to be able to drive.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not because of what I am, and there are people who are paying a price for their appearance no matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from the 14,000 teenagers that I stopped and recorded , 86 percent were black and Latino, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 17,000 black and Latino young people in New York, so for them, isn't it a question to stop me?
But how many times I'm going to stop? And when?
By researching for this talk, I learned that at 53 percent of girls in the United States, they don't like their body, and that figure goes up to 78 percent at 17.
So, the last question that people do is,``What is the life of a model? ''
And I think the answer you expect is: if you're a little thinner and you have the brightest hair, you will feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe looks like that.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to work with creative, resourceful and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I've never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about it every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and the brighter hair, will be happier?
They just have to meet a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brightest hair and the fashion, but they're probably the most insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a racial, racial oppression, when I'm one of the biggest benefits.
If there's something to get from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since I was larger enough to get a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious pictures, and I didn't make them.
There were no artistic directors, nor styles, no opportunity to repeat the photos, not even a minimum care in lighting.
In fact, most of them took them random tourists.
My story begins when I found in New York City to give a point, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on his first birthday . That's the corner of 57 and five.
And I gave the chance that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter was like, my wife said to me,``Why don't you take you to Salmon to New York at a paper trip and you continue the ritual? ''
This is when we started asking tourists that were going to take us out of the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture to deliver the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has been denied, and fortunately, no one has ever done with the camera.
At the time, we were not aware of how much of life would change.
It became a sacred thing for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter, what had happened that day that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and to make them reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only in physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter makes new milestones, and I can see life through your eyes and how it perceives and interacts with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something that we expect with illusion every year.
Recently, on one of the trips, we were walking, when suddenly it stopped dry and pointed a red soldier from the wrist shop that I loved small in previous visits.
And I was describing what I had felt about five years of foot in that same place.
I began to remember his heart beating with force by seeing that place for the first time nine years.
And now what I look in in New York is universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we created are memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging actively in conscious creation of memories.
I don't know you, but besides these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the family photos.
I'm always the one who takes the picture.
So today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and they don't doubt to come close to somebody and ask him, do you take a picture?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
Governments are in the most threatened bird group.
First of all, why do they have so bad press?
It's also associated with Disney laughs like mixed, silly, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan press, applause and acceptance, these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament, but I don't accept it.
Don't accept it . You know why?
Because Parliament members don't keep the environment clean . Parasitic doesn't help prevent disease spread.
They're very hard . They're far to extinct . And my favorite, the survivors have better presence . There are two types of litigation on this planet.
There are the New World cables that are mainly located in the Americas, like cars and cartoons, and the Buddhists of Old World, where we have 16 species -- from these 16 , 11 , 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So, why are governments important? First of all, they provide vital ecological services.
It's our natural garbage collectors.
They cleaned the cadavers to the bone.
They help to kill all the bacteria . They help absorb the anthrax that's not going to be extended and causing great losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no litigation, the carcasses take three to four times more time to decompose, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of disease.
The survivors also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture.
Nebrow was the symbol of the protector and the maternity and, along with the cobra, they simplified the unit between the Alto and the Ben Egypt.
In the Indian mythology, Nathan was the book god, and he risked his life to save the goddess Sit of the 10 devastating head.
In Tibetan culture, there are a few very important ones to open sky, in places like Tibet, there's no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these scripts provide a system of natural eliminating.
What's the problem with the scripts?
We have eight scripts in Kenya, which six are in extreme extinction threatened.
The reason is that they're being poisoned, and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife, the parallel communities use this poison against predators, and as a consequence, the survivors are victims of this.
In southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of suburbs are on the critical list of extinction danger, which means in less than 10 or 15 years will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall prey from livestock consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like Dickpital.
This drug has been banned for veterinarians in India, and you've taken a position.
Since there are no litigation, there's been a spread in the number of street dogs in landfill, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge time bomb, and the number of case cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind parks in Africa : 350 advertisers are going to be up from Lake Turkana.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds . They cut them in half.
They're the birds of birds.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible trade of dead bubbles to serve the barrier and the features market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're researching these birds . We're putting them up.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel through different countries, so focusing on a local problem is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciation to the scripts, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide.
How can they help? It can become active, noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you, we have to focus on these very uncomfortable creatures . Give their time to spread the word.
When you get out of this room, you're going to be informed about the scripts, but they talk to your families, with his kids, with their neighbors about the survivors.
They're very elegant . Charles Darwin said that he changed, because he saw them flying without effort, no energy spending in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do professionally -- my life -- has been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1971, until 1977, I'm sorry, but I'm not . I'm working in Zambia, Kenya, Ivory of ivory, Algeria and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO, and every project we set in Africa.
And I was disturbed.
I thought, at 21, that the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Rather than that, everything we touch we discussed.
Our first project, which inspired my first book,``Blue waves ,"was a project where we were to teach people from Zambia to grow food.
So, we got with Italian seeds south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes into the Zambia River, and we teach local and calculator tomatoes, and ...
Of course, people weren't at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't remember . We were amazed that the local, in so fertile, they didn't have any agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible that we didn't grow anything, we just said,``Thank God we're here ,"`` Just in time to save the people from Zambia . ''
And of course, everything in Africa was beautiful.
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy, a tomato grows this size . In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the families,``Look at what easy is agriculture . ''
When tomatoes were nice, mature and red, overnight in the morning, about 200 hypotheses appeared from the river and they ate everything, and we said to the women,``Oh my God, the hypothesis! ''
And the families said,``Yeah, so we don't have agriculture here ."`` Why didn't you say?"`` You never asked . ''
I thought only we Italians made mistakes in Africa, but then, I saw what the Americans did, what English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypothesis.
You should see the waste -- you should see the waste that we give to the trusted people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read``Dead Health ,"of mammalian economist.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donors, we've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I won't tell you the damage that the money has caused.
Just read their book.
Take it from an African woman, the damage that we've done.
Westerners are imperative, colonial missionary, and we treat people only in two ways: or we sponsor, or we're patriotic.
The two words come from the Latin root``kick ,"which means``father . ''
However, they mean two different things.
Patening, I treat any one of a different culture like my children .``I want a much . ''
sponsors, I treat all of a different culture as if they were my services.
So white in Africa is called``Guarn ,"boss.
That book gave me a slap on the face .``The small thing is beautiful ,"written by Schumblid, who said for all economic development, if people don't want to be helped, give them alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said,``We can -- can you imagine a city that's not neuroscience? ''
I decided at 27 years only to respond to people, and I invented a system called facial company, where you never started anything, you never get anything, but it becomes a service of local passion, the service of local people who have the dream to become a better person.
So what do you do? It's street.
He never gets to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people in the locality.
We don't work from offices.
We got together in a coffee . We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we find out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give you an idea to someone.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what is you going to do?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge, because nobody in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once, are we listening to them? But not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
Entrepreneurs never attend, and they will never say, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity you've identified.
So, planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend to their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family's family doctor, the business doctor, which is established with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in the coffee, and helps you find the resources to transform their passion in a way of making life.
I started this as a test in Spain, Western Australia City.
I was doing a Ph.D. at that time, trying to pull me out of this crap that we're going to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects in Mars, and the government came to me to ask,``How can you do that?
How can it do it?"And I said,``I did something very, very, very hard.
I shut up and I listened to them ."So, the government says,``Get it back ."We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 businesses.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Drug, one of the greatest corporate advisers in history, passed up at '96, a few years ago.
Peter Drug was a philosophy professor before he involved in business, and this is what Peter Drug says:``planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company . ''
planning is the kiss of the death of the entrepreneurial spirit.
So now you're reconstructing Christianity without knowing what the most astute people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come close to you.
You have to offer them confines, privacy, it's got to be fantastic when you help them, and then you'll be able to get in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we get 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion?
What do you present to you more than this morning?
Looking at passionate local people . That's what you've applaud.
So, what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial fossil revolution, not renewables, manufacturing -- and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The brakes as a way to sustain machinery is not sustainable.
What we need to consider is how we nurture, we cure, we educate, we transport, we communicate seven billion people, in a sustainable form.
There are no technologies to do that.
Who is going to invent technology for green revolution? The universities? Forget it!
The government? Forget it.
They're going to be entrepreneurs, and they're doing it now.
There's an amazing story that I read in a future magazine a lot of years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in 1860.
And in the year '60s, this group of people met, and they were looking at what happened to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was uniform: New York City wouldn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and pointed out, if the population is growing up to this rate, to move to the population of New York around them, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already being announced in manure, so in 1860, they were dividing this dirty technology that would deliver New York City.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States , 2001 , 2001 , 2001 , 2001.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed, and there were very few, scales, factories in appealed places.
Debetter, Michigan . Henry Ford.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer them.
Otherwise, you're not going to come to conversation with you.
Then you have to offer them an absolute, dedicated, enthusiastic service.
And, subsequently, you will have to tell you the truth with respect.
The smallest company, the largest company, has to be able to do three things, which is the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic marketing, and you have to count with a great financial administration.
Guess what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and look for money alone.
There doesn't exist.
This is still not born.
We've investigated and looked at the 100 companies of the Carnegie world, Western, Edison, Ford, all new companies, Google, Yahoo.
There's only one thing that all of the successful companies in the world have in common, only one: None of it was started by one person.
Never the word``me ,"but the word``us"-- 32 times.
He wasn't only when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone . Nobody.
So, we can create the community where we have facilitators, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in coffee shops, bars along their dedicated dedicated people will do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who speaks to this epiphany, somebody who will ask you, what do you need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell? Can you look for money? ''
\" Oh, no, I can't do that ."`` Would I want you to look for somebody? ''
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
I've been trying to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like self-esteem, templates and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much pay my neighbors for their apartments?
How can we pay and borrow more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape?
How do we share our hopes to the empty shops so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant rules that give a shadow to lovers, drunk and dreamer for centuries and trust in a city.
It's always given to music . There's a parade in New Orleans, and the city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the most abandoned properties of the United States.
I live near this house and I thought, how could it turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood, and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a a lot.
It was Joan, like a mother for me.
His death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this gave me a profound gratitude for the living time.
He gave him clarity to the significant things of my life.
But I'm going to keep this look in my daily life.
I think it's easy to let me catch through the day and forget what's really important for one.
So with the help of old friends and new friends transformed the wall of this house abandoned in a giant blackboard, and painted on her sentences to complete,``Before I I want...''
So the courts could take a chalk, reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to wait for this experiment, but the next day the wall was filled and kept covering.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
\" Before I die, I want to be judged by piracy ."`` Before I die I want to sit down on the date of date . ''
\" Before I die, I want to sing for millions of people . ''
\" Before I die I want to plant a tree . ''
\" Before I die, I want to live outside the network . ''
\" Before I die, I want to embrace it again . ''
\" Before I die, I want to go to somebody's rescue . ''
\" Before I die, I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh, and they took me off, and they gave me comfort in difficult moments.
It's about knowing that you're not alone . It's about understanding our neighbors in new and slow ways . It's about giving the reflection and the contemplation, and to remember what's important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center, we made a kit and now walls in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our era of increased distractions, it's more important than ever, finding ways of preserving the perspective and remembering that life is brief and delicate.
Death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that we will prepare for death is one of those things that trust us more power.
It's going to be thinking about the climate of our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what we care about as individuals and as a community and more to share hope, fears and stories, the people around us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have one request today.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my siblings.
Reiting is 22 years old, and it's high and very handsome.
He doesn't talk, but they transmit joy than some of the best speakers.
Reiting knows what love is.
I share it unconsciously what happens.
It's not amazing . I don't look at the skin color.
It doesn't care about religious differences and focus on this: has never lied.
When I sing songs from our childhood, trying to make words that I can't even remember, I reminds me one thing: how little we know about mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 . It's high . It's very handsome.
It puts the most unpredictable memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I didn't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year I came out every single songs of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, doing my arm during the first episode of Telescents and the birthday of Lady Gaga.
Isn't it amazing?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because your minds don't fit the concept of the notion of society, they are often ignored and incorporated.
But what I'm driving to my heart and I failed my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they wouldn't consider them within the ordinary, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with autism, it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In each individual, it manifest in a different way, which is that Reich is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism is diagnosed, and even though it's one of the development disorders that grow faster in the world, there's no cause of known cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new being in my life.
When a few months passed, I realized that he was different.
I grew up a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
He lived and laughed in his own world, with his own rules, and I found pleasure on the smallest things, like putting the cars in row around the room, looking at the washing machine and eating anything that would be between the middle.
As it grows, it became more different, and the differences were made more evident.
But beyond managers, frustration and endless hyperactivity, there was something really unique: a pure, innocent nature, a child who saw the world without prejudice, a human being that I had never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some tough moments in my family, moments in which I wish they were just like me.
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they are things that I wouldn't want to change for normal.
normality goes through the beauty that give us the differences and the fact that being different doesn't mean that some of them is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what is right.
If I could convey one thing to Rem and Sam and you, it would be that they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences that we have -- they're a gift! Each of us has a gift inside, and honestly, the pursuit of normality is the last sacrifice of potential.
The opportunity for greatness, progress and change dies at the time where we try to be like others.
Please -- don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit about what should be Alice in the country of the wonders.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, who gave a class of communication to engineering students.
He was scared . It's really scared . He's scared of these students with his big minds, their great books and his big and unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt when he fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world.
So I just felt when I had those conversations with students . I was surprised by the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world too.
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to the environment and care care, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers are not inviting us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please, helicopters with simplicity.
I want to share some suggestions about how they can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sexy and that their engineering is attractive.
First question to answer: And then what?
Tell me why science is relevant to us.
We don't just tell us that they study the traffickers, but study the traffickers, which are the structure of the mesh of our bones because it's important to understand and treat osteoporosis.
And when they're describing their science, it carefully cared.
The jargon is a obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say``space and temporary ,"but why not say``space and time ,"which is much more accessible to us?
Make them accessible is not the same thing as making them stupid.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without compromise the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies, and these are ways of empowering and excited with their content.
And when you present their work, forget about the``bullet . ''
They've wondered why they're called``bullets"? What do bullets do? The bullets kill, and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not just boring, but it's very supportive in the language of our brain and overwhelmed.
Instead, this example of Venezuela Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of the traffickers is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower.
The trick here is to use a simple, legal phrase, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphs that appeal to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what you describe.
I think these are just some key ones that can help us open the door and look at the country of wonders that are science and engineering.
And so scientists and engineers, when they've solved this equation, all of the media, blend with simple . Thank you.
One of my favorite words across the Oxford English dictionary is``screwing . ''
Just because it sounds very well.
And``screwing"means``dishonest policy . ''
Although there was a 16th century German editor that defined it much better when he said,``A salvation"is the one that looks for a public charge no matter game, platform or principle, and that, when it wins, it's going to get it for the mere use of a metaphorically very continuous verbal monumental.
I have no idea what it means to be``rhetoric . ''
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until, for example , 1774 that Parliament Brazil allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that they were saying in the parliamentary camera.
And all of this was thanks to the bravery of a guy with the name of Brazil Cross, who faced Parliament.
They took him in the London Tower and they were incarcerated, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end, it had such popular support in London who won.
And just a few years later, we had the first recorded use of the phrase,``strong like the metal . ''
Most of you think it's literal.
It's not . It's because of a freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want you to come back to America, right after independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
What do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was stuck in Congress for a long time.
They presented all kinds of suggestions that might have frustrated.
Some people wanted to call it``Jeff State Jefferson ,"and others,``His Air Gango Washington ,"and other``Defense of the People of the People of the People of the People of the People . ''
It's not very crowded.
Some just wanted to call it``King . ''
They thought it was a quality of quality.
And even with that were monarchandering, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain deadline.
And it might have served.
Everybody gets immensely tired, because this debate is proud for three weeks.
He read the journal of a poor Senator, and he always wrote,``Still with this topic . ''
What caused the delays, and the rate was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate.
The House of Representatives didn't want Washington to be adding power.
They didn't want to call him king, because he gave him to him or his successor.
So, they wanted to give it the most modest title, more insignificant and more unfortunate than it happened.
And that title was``President . ''
President . They didn't invent the title . There was already before, but it only meant``someone who press a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more fun than the term``foreman"or``supermarket . ''
There were events that had events of small colonial fighters and government failures, but it was really an insignificant title.
And that's why the Senate came up.
They said,``It's ridiculous, we can't call it President . ''
\" This guy has to sign treaties and meet with foreign dictionaries . ''
\" And who will take it seriously with such ridiculous and insignificant title as President of America? ''
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't forget.
We can learn three interesting things about all of this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to find out, the Senate has never really reflected President's title.
President Barack Obama is lucky to follow there, waiting for the Senate between action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary, it's possible that we keep waiting for 22,000 years.
But the third thing that we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this, I want to leave you, is that the U.S. title of America doesn't sound at all so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads, the world's largest economy and a fleet of unmanned aerial vehicles and so on.
Reality and history have taken the title of grains.
So, at the end, I won the Senate.
They got their responsibility title.
And also the other concern of Senate, the appearance of uniqueness -- well, it was a singularity for then.
But you know how many nations they have now?
And all because they want to sound like the 5,000 nuclear warheads, etc.
So, at the end of the Senate won and the House of representatives lost, because no one is going to feel humble when you tell them they're now the President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and I'd like to leave you with.
Politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but actually, the modern reality much more than the words that they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters underground in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded with heat and dust and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that speak, but mostly that cacophony of male cough and stones and paradox tools.
Like others, I have a cheap laser of light, supporting the head with this analyze stick, and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that subway hole that falls hundreds of meters on the land.
My hand was held, and I suddenly remember a miner that I met days before, who lost control and fell in that pit.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the deep of that hole risking their lives without paying and reward and often dying.
I went out of that hole, and I went home, but they may never do it, because they're prey of slavery.
In the last 28 years I were documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition at the Vancouver Peace House.
Among all the amazing people I met there, I met an integral from France's Stone, an NGO that is devoted to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery, and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that existed in the world, but not in such a degree.
When we finished talking, I felt very bad; honestly I was embarrassed to ignore this atrocities of our days, and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I was made a knot the stomach, and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of the French, the keys and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I've already been in many of these sites.
Some, even, I considered them my second home.
But this time, I sold the dirty troops.
A conservative calculation says that there are over 27 million people in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans displaced throughout the whole deal of traditional slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about $50,000 today.
However, today, you can enslave entire families for new debt debt by $18.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits of more than $13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promises of good education and better work to then discover that they're forced to work without paying, under threat of violence and can't escape.
Today, slavery operates in trade: goods produced by slaves have value, but who produce them are disposable.
slavery exists in almost everybody, and yet, it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the brick furnaces.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the old Egypt or the hell of Dan.
immersed in a temperature of 54 C, men, women, children, in fact, the entire families wrapped into a heavy amount of powder linking mechanically bricks on their heads, to 18 at the time, and they take them from the super-power furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
Desperately destroyed by monkey and tiredness work in silence, doing this task again and again for 16 hours a day.
There were no pause to eat, not to drink, and the severe desertification would have to pee it was quite intriguing.
And so pen was the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to the touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run to the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and, sitting there, I thought, my camera receives a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven, I wanted to cry, but the association that I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said,``Lisa, don't . Don't do it here . ''
And I was very clearly explained to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer them any direct aid.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation that they were already.
I had to rely in France the keys and work within the system for his release and trust that they would get it.
In terms of me, wait to get home to feel my heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running stones during miles by mountain land to trucks they hoped down.
Those big plants were more heavy than the kids who would charge them and children scare them to their heads with homework, made of sticks, ropes and managers.
It's hard to present something so overwhelming.
How can we influence something so insidious, but so ubiquitous?
Some people don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without payment because this has been the whole life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villages were rejected by their freedom, the slaves burned their homes.
When we hear the slavery word we often think about sexual traffic, and because of this global awareness, they warned me to be hard for me to work with safety in this particular business.
In Kathmandu, I got women who had been previously sexual slaves.
I was driven by a bunch of naive stairs that gave this dirty basement, from flower light.
It wasn't exactly a burning.
It was rather a restaurant.
Rescue, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where the signals with their girls and children, some of only seven years are forced to entertain the clients and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each dot is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse by hands.
From standing in the temperature, I remember having a sudden acute fear, and in that instant, I could barely imagine what should be stuck in that hell.
I just had one exit: the stairs where I entered.
There were no back doors.
There were no windows enough to climb.
Those people don't have a staircase, and because we touch a very difficult subject, it's important to point out that slavery, even the sexual traffic, it happens around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants, in domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children sold each year as sex slaves.
It happens for us, but we don't see it.
textile is another activity that we often relate to the slave labor.
I visited Indian villages in which there were entire family families in the silk trade.
This is a portrait of family.
The testing hands of black are the father, the blue holders and the red, their children.
They mix shark in these big barrels and dive the silk into the liquid to the elbow, but the shark is toxic.
My performer told me his stories.
\" We don't have freedom ,"they said.
\" We still hope, however, can come out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay our work . ''
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children enslaved in the Volvo lake, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to a quick view.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a boat, two older brothers, some younger kids, a sense, right?
Wrong . They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their traditional families, disappeared and forced to work extinct streams in these boats in the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This child is eight years old.
When our boat came up, he was shaking; he feared that his little canoe was embedded.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of the trees that are embedded in the Volta lake often catch networks and children, phases and fear, are thrown into the water to unleash branches.
Many are drowning.
Since it remembers, it has always been forced to work in the lake.
For fear of his love, it's not going to flee, and as the whole life has been treated with cruelty, it collected the younger slaves under his command . .
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they raised the last few networks, but they had been working on.
It was cold in the cold and windy night.
And it has to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they are filled with fish.
I want to introduce you to Kofi.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met him in a shelter in which the keys are rehabilitating victims of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will be because of somebody decided to make the difference in their life?
By driving for a road in Ghana with French's partners, the keys, a fellow assembly with his motorcycle suddenly sped up and separated our car and played the window.
He asked us to follow it by a land to the forest.
At the end of the road, he was inspired to come out of the car, and he asked the driver to come out quickly.
Then he pointed out this piece of sense, and he said,``This is the way, this is the way . Come on . ''
As we started down, we took out the diseases that blocked the way and after walking about an hour about an hour, we found that the path was attached by the recent rains, so I put the photo team on my head as we go down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the nice way ended up in a clear, and we had a in a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all filled with enslaved workers.
Many women had kids tied to their backs, and while they were looking for gold, they were walking in poisoned waters.
The mercury is used in the extraction process.
These miners are enslaved in a piece of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at her eyes tired, irritated, because many had been underground for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 feet, and these people carry heavy bags of stone that then they will be transported to another area in which they will take the stone to extract the gold.
First of all, the site seems to be full of strong, short men, but, if we look closer, we see, we're going to be able to work on other fortunate and also children.
All of these are injury victims, diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ended up like this victim of tuberculosis and the excitement of the mercury in a few years.
This is Mandela . When his father died his uncle, he took him to work with him in the mines.
When he died his uncle, Manhattan inherit the debt of uncle that force him to be slave in the mines.
When I met him, I had worked in the mines 14 years, and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so severe that doctors said that it should be amputated.
In addition to that, Mandela has tuberculosis, and I'm forced to work night and day in that mine.
Still, he dream of being released and educated with local activists, like Fred The Speechers, and it's this kind of determination, in face to a remote possibility, which inspired me a lot of respect.
I want to shine light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you all around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will give the testimony of them and that we'll do everything that is possible to help change their lives.
I honestly think that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not magazines . These are people, real people, like you and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in your lives.
There's no day that I don't think about these beautiful, battered people who have had the great honor of knowing.
I hope that these images wake up a force where you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force will turn up a fire and that fire shine light on slavery because, without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do math applied, and there's a peculiar problem for whom it does: we're like management consultants.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today, I'm going to try and explain to you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
We are delivered by the viruses of the ballet and the clear phone that we'll see later.
But the battle demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably some initial attitude that can well have a genetic component.
Unfortunately, neurological disorders like Parkinson's disease destroy gradually destroy this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane Storyler who, at his time, was a virtuous dancing.
In the last few years, it's been progress in treatment.
However, there are 3.3 million people in the world that are sick and they have to deal with an incurable, temperature, regional weakness and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in the objective, and in particular, the only way we will know if there's really a cure to be when we have a metabolic and closed metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson and other disorders of movement, there are no biological markers, so they don't serve the blood analysis and the best thing we have is a 20th minutes neurological exam.
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It's very, very expensive, and that means that, out of the clinical trials, they never do . It's never been done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a very difficult journey to the clinic . What if patients could make the test?
It wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as not conventional to try it, you see, in a sense at least, we're all virtuous as my friend Jane Shaking.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal strings.
It shows somebody healthy as it emits sounds to speak . We can imagine like a value of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds, and we all have the genes necessary.
And, like ballet, it requires a level of extraordinary training.
Let's think about the time that leads to a child learning to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they vibrate, and as well as Parkinson affects the limbs, it also affects the vocal organs.
In the bottom line, you can see an example of irregular temperature of vocal strings.
So we see the same symptoms.
Volcanooise, weakness and stiffness.
The speech becomes more quiet and assumed after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with specialized clinical trials? Well, both of them are not invasive.
The neurological test is not invasive . They both use existing infrastructure.
It's not necessary to design a whole series of hospitals to make them.
Both are accurate . Okay, but also based on voice are not specialized.
I mean, they can be self-organizing.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds like a lot.
They're from minimal cost, and we all know what happens.
When something goes on such a low cost, it appears to massive scale.
These are some incredible goals to address.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I wouldn't need to go to the clinic for routine check.
With high frequency monitoring we could get objective data.
We could make massively massive cost for clinical trials, and for the first time, factor charges at the general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomedicals of the disease before it's too late.
So, when you give the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Parkinson's vocal Initiative.
Together and Accle and Gandhilia, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have local lines accessible for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone, with without Parkinson, can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours.
Thank you . Tom Rielly: So Max, taking all these samples of, say 10,000 people, you can say who's healthy and who's not?
What will you take about these samples?
Max Little: Yeah, yeah . What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether you have or not you have the disease . TR: Sure.
MM: You see, some people may not pass it . You may not end it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of collected data in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances that are important because we're looking for to clean the confusion factors in looking for the actual markers of disease.
TR: You have 86 percent accuracy right now?
MM: A lot more than that.
And actually, my student Thomas, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now has shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well, what I'm going to say, now we have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: Bride and nine . Well, it's an improvement.
MM: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much . Max Littman, public.
MM: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I did photographic challenges in New York City.
We are pale creatures, gray creatures.
We're hiding in the darkness, in rooms without windows, and usually we avoid sunlight.
We do the most thin models, the perfect skin skin, even more perfect, we do the impossible, possible, and they criticize us all the time, but some of us are really artists with a lot of years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11 , 2011, I saw from my house, like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
Just a little while later, an organization where I was a volunteer, there's Hans Vancouvers, it was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, together with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't stay sitting at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, I traveled to Orbassion.
It's a little fishing village located in the prevalence of Iowa, almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The water level reached over 24 feet tall and over three miles in the inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We took rubble out of the channels and the bands.
We cleaned up schools . We took the slime out and we left the houses to be renewable and reducing.
We take tons and tons of fish, dead fish, super-state, power of local factory.
We got rid of it, and we loved it.
For weeks, both volunteers and neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and photos of photos and cameras and Switzerland.
They all did the same thing.
They will collect them and bring them into different places of the villages around us to keep them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of personal losses that people had suffered.
While they did the wave, and to save their lives, they had to absolutely abandon everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started helping in a village education center.
It helped clean the communal bathrooms, the huge, giant bars.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the center of education collected photos.
And they took them, and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring, I had heard the expression beyond the horizons, but it wasn't until I went through myself my horizons that something happened.
Looking at the photos, I found some who were over a hundred years old, some were still at the top of the lab, I couldn't help think about how to fix that trait and repair that traits and know hundreds of people who could do the same.
So that night came in Facebook contacted with some of them, and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive, that I knew we had to try it.
So we started collecting the photos.
This was the first of all.
I wasn't too stupid, but where the water had declared the face of the girl, I had to fix with a lot of precision and dependent.
Otherwise, that little girl wouldn't have the same thing, and that would be as tragic as having the broken photo.
Over time, they came for luck more photos, and they needed more feedback, so he came into Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later 80 people from 12 countries offered to help.
Within two weeks, I had 150 people to join us.
In Japan, in July, we mobilized Giussani, a neighboring village north of Yemen.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporal photographs that had been installed, where people were going to reclaim their pictures.
The time they took to deliver it is a different story, it depends on the default of the photos.
I could use an hour . I could explain weeks.
I could explain months.
This guy had to draw virtually by hand using the areas whose color and detail the water hadn't destroyed.
I took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures plunged into saltwater, covered with bacteria, with algae, even oil, all of it along with the time of the time, and continues to destroy them, which is why clean hands was an important part of the project.
We couldn't afford the picture unless it was clean, dry and had been claimed by his owner.
We were lucky with hand cleaning.
We count with a guilt neighbor.
It's very easy to hurt even more pictures.
As Winner once said, my group's leader is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was really lucky to the photos.
He had started to wipe her herself, but he stopped when they realized the damage even more.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to rebuild, we could flap the images in one single photo and retreat the whole picture.
When I picked up his pictures, he shared some of his story with us.
A few colleagues from his husband found pictures in a firemen station between the pretty far away from where their house used to be, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the siren sounded.
Their little kids, not so small now, but his two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was stuck in the water.
He took a week to find his entire family and know that everybody had survived.
The day he handed his photos under his youngest son 14 years.
So for her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could go back to look, something that could remember the past that would not have been marked by that March day when everything in his life changed or destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined the hundreds hundred hundred of them helped us clean up more than 13,000 photographs, the vast majority of them came back to their owners . important.
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us return to 90 hundred hundreds of totally respected and retreating pictures.
During this time, we don't really spend more than $1,000 in teams and materials, most of the printing ink.
We took pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of somebody or something, a place, a relationship, somebody wanted.
They are guard of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take, but the first thing we'd come back for.
This is about this project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return to someone his connection with the past.
When a picture like this gets back to someone, it's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a huge difference in the life of the challenges.
Some of them connected them with something bigger, to return something, using their talent for something that they're not beautiful skin models.
In order to finish, I'd like to read this email, and I sent him up the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I went down, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in the images.
One in particular, a picture with women of different ages from grandmother to small girl, gathered around a baby, moved me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, me and my daughter newborn, hangs out of our wall.
In the whole world, in all of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Doc Egyptians inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition of just a thousandth of a second.
But now , 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I present a new kind of photograph: the photographer, a new technique so fast that it can create videos in slow motion of light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, or beyond the vision line, or see the interior of the body without using X-rays, and they really defy the idea of camera.
If I take a laser pointer and turn it up and turn it into a second of a second, or it's, in many ways, to create a picture of a six-year-old photos.
And that picture of photons, that bullet, travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet.
If we take that ball and this picture of photons and shoot in this bottle, how are those photons dispersed inside this bottle?
What's the aspect of light in slow motion?
Now, all of this -- remember that all of this happens in less than a negative is what it takes to travel.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Now, Coca-Cola doesn't sponsored this research . There's a lot of things in this film; it's going to download this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet, goes into the bottle with a picture of photons that start to pass it, and, inside, it starts to spread.
Part of the light goes on, goes to the table, and we started seeing these ripples.
Many of the photons finally come to the lid and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside.
In that time, the waves travel around the table, and because of the reflections of the top, you see at the bottom of the bottle, after several frames, the reflection is concentrated.
Now, if you take a common and current bullet, and we make it go through the same distance and we see it in slow motion at about 10 billion times, how much you think we would have to sit to see that film?
A day? A week? Actually, a year.
It would be a very boring film of a slow motion.
And what about testing with dead nature?
You can see the waves that are going on the table, the tomato and the wall.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paints a picture, I thought, of a female at a time, but of course our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this tomato, you'll realize that, as the light is going on, it's still brilliant . It doesn't happen.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light bounces inside and it comes back after several billions of seconds.
In the future, when this female is in your phones, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT?
As photographers, you know, if we take a low exposure picture, it comes in very little light.
But we're going to go to a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition, so you can barely go into some light.
We sent that bullet, that picture of photons, millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very astute sync, we took those gigabytes of data and we introduced them in a computer to create those feminists that I showed you.
We can take all those data in raw and process them in an interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of an superheroes future would allow him to see after the corners?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door . Rebracule, go into the room, one part will reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light robots.
It's not science fiction . We've already built it.
On the left, it's our feminist.
Behind the wall there is a maneuver, and we bounce light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communism.
And a small fraction of the photons will come back to the camera, but interestingly, at slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works that way, our feminine, it has unique capabilities.
It's very good temporal resolution, and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door, and also the hidden objects, but we don't know what point it corresponds to what distance.
When you project a laser, you can record a photo, which, you see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But we'll take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, we'll put them together and try to analyze the multiple records of light, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our reconstruction.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collision with what's around the curve . .
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could be able to be able to be able to be able to see the inside of the body being able to be able to be able to be able to be aware of the body.
But of course, because of tissue, and blood, this is pretty difficult, so actually this is a scientific order to start thinking about photography as a new vision of visualization to solve the health imaging problems of the next generation.
Just like Doc Egyptians, he himself was a scientist, turned science in art, a pressure of purple photographs.
And I realized that all of the gigabytes of data that we collect aren't just for scientific visualization, but we can.
It will create a new form of computer photography with slow motion and color code.
And let's look at those waves . Remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few billions of seconds.
But here's something fun, too.
If you look at the waves underneath the lid, they get away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects . Einstein would have been thrilled to see this picture.
The order for the events to happen in the world sometimes appear to invest in the camera.
By applying the corresponding of space and time, we can correct this distortion.
It's already time . Thank you.
Hi . This is my mobile phone.
A cell phone can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a cell phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone you can record a song, climb it to South America and make it famous.
All of this is possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a 1984 boy in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protesting for change.
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all of these people together that they protest in search of a change, they had a mobile cell phone.
Who of the present has a mobile phone here?
Get them.
Raise your phones, give them up!
Get them . An Android, a Blackberry, wow!
It's a lot . Almost everybody has a mobile phone.
But today, I'm going to talk about me, from my cell phone, and how my life changed.
I'm going to talk about this.
These are 35 8,000 lines of information.
The raw data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U . presented a directive.
Data's retention Director.
This director says that every European telephone company, every Internet provider, has to store a broad range of users of users.
Who calls who . Who sends an email to whom.
Who sends a text to who.
And if we use the cell phone, where we are.
All this information is stored for at least six months, and until two years, in your phone company or his Internet provider.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said,``We don't want this . ''
They said they didn't want this retention of data.
We want the self-determination in the digital age, and we don't want phone phones and the Internet providers store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, everybody said,``We don't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out of Berlin's streets and said,``Freedom, don't fear . ''
And some even said this would be Station 2.0.
The Station was the secret police of East Germany.
And I also wondered if this works really.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use mobile phone?
So I asked my phone, Deceptor Telescope, who was the largest telephone company in Germany, who please sent me all the information that they had about me.
I asked them once, and I was asked, and I didn't get a concrete answer . It was all blah, blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're prototyping my life.
So I decided to give you a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Leonard Telecom said no, we won't give this information.
At the end, we signed an agreement.
I would retreat demand and they send me the information that I asked.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional tribunal failed the institutionalization for the German law of the E.U . director.
So I got this ugly of brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Thirty and five thousand lines of information.
At first I saw them, and I said, well, it's a huge file . Okay.
But after a while I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little skeptical: what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data retention means.
So, next to Zimbabwe Online and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six months visualization of my life.
You can zoom in and go away, go back and forward.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I'm from Frank in train to colony, and how often I call on the journey.
All of this is possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
It's about all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife, and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends, and they call each other.
And then you call the other, and the other, and we end up with this great network of communications.
You can see how your people communicate each other to what time they call each other, what time they sleep.
You can see this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to who, who send you an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and until two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people on the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a mobile cell phone.
And the Station had known who involved in this protest, and if the Station had known who the leaders were, this never happened.
The Berlin Wall of Berlin may never have happened.
And in consequence, not the fall of the iron of iron.
Because state agencies today, and companies want to store so much information of us as possible inside and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and want to store them forever.
But the self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for self-determination.
You have to fight for that every day.
When they go home, tell your friends that privacy is a 21st century value, and it's not happening.
When you go home, tell your representative that just because business and state agencies can store some information, you don't have to.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information is from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones to remember that they have to fight for self-determination in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
I call my name Massachuse Zay, and I'm not drunk, but I know the doctor I brought to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, sustaining the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain palsy, and that's why it's all the time.
Look.
It's exhausting . I'm like a Shakespeare mix.
And Muhammad Al.
The C. C. is not genetic.
It's not rocket, you cannot contract.
No one's missing my mother's uterus and not, because my parents were cousins, even though they are.
It just goes through accidents, like the one that happened to me at birth.
Now, I warn you, I am not a source of inspiration, and I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because sometime in life, they've wanted to be disabled.
Come on.
Christmas victims, they're in the mall, they're driving in circles looking for parking and what you see?
16 empty empty places.
And they think,``God, can I be at least a little disabled? ''
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and B C. is just one of them.
It's going to be a climber of oppression, I would win the gold medal.
I'm Palestinian, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should.
I'm from Park Clinton, New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same principles.
I also love to walk from my home to New York, I could.
A lot of people with brain palsy don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the``can't . ''
My father's mantra was,``You can do it; dance sing . ''
If my three older sisters cleaned up, I cleaned.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents were sued to the school system, and they made sure that I was also, and if we didn't take all the maximum note, we all got my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at five years by putting my heel on his feet and just walking.
Another tactics that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me to pursue it.
The sperm that I carry in was very strong and...... ...
Yeah . The first day in kindergarten was walking as a boxing champion that has received a lot of hits.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs, and they continue to be all of the family . I think nobody realized that we weren't Italian.
This was before 9/11, and that politicians would think appropriate to use Muslims as a campaign motto.
The people I grew up with had no problems with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry about worrying about starvation during the branch.
I told them that I had enough fat to live three other months without eating, so I'm going to help the dawn, so it's very easy.
Barbara sacred in Broadway.
Yeah, in Broadway . It's crazy . My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so I was sent to dance school.
I learned to dance with heels, or I can walk with heels.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a girl, so if my friends used heels, I too.
And when my friends were going to go through the summer vacation on the coast of Jersey, I wasn't going.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we'll become Madonna.
In the summer vacation often my father tried to heal me, so I drink a deer milk, I got hot cups on my back, I immersed me in the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought,``It works, it works! . ''
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I must say it's very boring, but before I do yoga, it was a stream comedian that couldn't stand up.
And now I can hold my head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at the General Hospital . .
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the state of Arizona, because I entered all the cubes.
It was like the pet department of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the tasks at least smart, I took the maximum note in my classes, and also in their classes.
Every time I did a scene of the crystal zoo my teachers crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the Union decided to do a piece called Valipha very slow in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with brain palsy.
I was a girl with brain palsy.
So I started screaming at four winds:``I finally have a role!
I have brain palsy.
At the end! At the end!.
Thank God all-powerful God, I'm free! . ''
I didn't get the paper . They gave him to Sheikh Brown.
I went to join the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, asking him why, and she told me that because they believed that I couldn't do risk stunts.
And I said,``Excuse me, if I can't do risk stunts, I can't do the character either . ''
It was a role for which he had literally born and gave an actress without brain palsy.
College was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a stupid history of hearing actors without disability to papers of disability.
When I graduated, I went home, and my first actor tour was like extra in a telephone.
My dream became reality.
And I knew that it would be sent from``better friend"to a sand.
Instead, I stayed there as a vase, it didn't see me more than the number, and it was obvious for me that the repair directors didn't hire, not white, not white, with disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Wolfram Goldberg, Rosetta Barry, Ellen, and all these women had one thing in common: they were comedy.
So I became humor.
In my first tour, I took famous comics from New York to New Jersey, and I would never forget the face of the first cartoon he took when he fell on the account that he was going high speed for the New Jersey freeway with a driver that had brain palsy.
I worked in clubs across the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and without veil.
Some people say I'm the first monotopost in the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know that they never heard that little nasty rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother of another mother and father, Dean Olert, and I launched the New York Angeles Festival, now in his 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Afghanistan in the media and at the same time remind the directors of repair that subtle and Arabic are not synonymous.
To integrate Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the stigma of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was like invited by cable news program behind with Keith Ollebuster.
I walked into a graduation dance, they dragged me to a studio and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the principal, and I said,``Excuse me, can you give me another chair? ''
She looked at me and said,``Five, four, three, two . ''
And we were live!
So I was clinging to the desk desk to not go out rolling out of the screen during the segment, and when I finished the interview, I was pale.
I finally had my opportunity and I did it . I knew they wouldn't invite me.
But not only Mr. Oliverance came back to invite me, but I was like a full-time participant and pasted my chair.
Something fun I learned in direct with Keith Olloney was that people on the Internet are scum.
The kids are told that kids are cruel, but they never had been teased from me or a little girl.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became teased.
I saw online clips with comments like,``Why do you celebrate? ''
\" Is it delayed? ''
And my favorite:``Poor bush terrorist.
What disease is it?
We should really pray for it . ''
A comment suggested even that I added my disability to my rsum: guide, comedian, paralyzed.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in a wheelchair can't make it in Beijing, then Beijerinck can't make someone in a wheelchair.
The disabled are the -- yeah, clap, man . Come on.
Discussions are the largest minority in the world, and the most supported in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said I don't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
And yet, having grown up with media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would be less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need the entire society to teach our children.
My torraid journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet cloud by the dive of the September Sunstrates Lucos and the celebrated Lorraine Arbushes.
I got to act in a film with Adam Sanding and work with my grief, incredible Dave Matthews.
I went through the world,``The Arabs have become crazy . ''
I was blessed in representation of the great state of New Jersey in 2009.
And I founded``The Children in Massachuse ,"a charity organization to give children Palestinian refugee a news part of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me acting live, and I dedicated this talk to his memory.
Daddy . Peace.
My name is Massachuse Zayla, and if I can, you can.
I'd like to tell you a story about a little boy of a small village.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
It lives in a little town to South Somalia.
This village is near Mogadishu.
The drought drives the small village to the poverty and the edge of starvation.
Without anything for him there, it goes to the great city, in this case, McDonald, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, there's no work, no future perspectives.
He ended up living in a city in the city outside McDonald.
After maybe a shooting year, nothing.
One day he gets a gentleman who offers him to take it to lunch, after dinner, to breakfast.
He knows a a bunch of people, who gives him a break.
He gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, your family.
They introduce a young man.
I finally get married.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mogadishu, under a blue sky, bursts a car bomb.
That little boy of that little village with dreams of the great care was suicide bombers, and that dynamic group of people were to the Shah, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how do the story of a little village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end up with him with him?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing he got.
This was the first thing that I took about what we called``waiting period . ''
And their story repeats in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the marginalized urban young people who rely on riots in Johannesburg, they're dependent on riots in London, looking for something beyond the``waiting period . ''
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of the opportunity, of jobs, well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest unemployment rates.
By 2030, three of every five people living in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include young people at the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the story of the waiting period, the gateway of access to terrorism, to violence, to the gang, being the story of the city 2.0.
And in my hometown, Mogadishu , 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't do virtually anything.
I went back to Mogadishu last month, and I went to visit the Madison Hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being before that hospital, thinking,``And if I'd never gone? ''
What if I had been forced to be in that same``waiting period"?
Would I have become terrorist?
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in Mogadishu that month was actually to be able to get a juvenile leader in a business summit.
It's about 90 simple youth leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to University of Mogadishu, he graduated.
There was no job, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, because it was a graduate college, unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited.
They were looking for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In McDonald, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B are the streets.
Veittens of civil war have completely destroyed the life system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize.
And they saw an opportunity and the leverage.
He started a motorcycle company.
He started rent motorcycles to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
He bought 10 engines, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some time expanding hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What does it do to this different story?
I think your ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the``waiting period . ''
It makes young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are so desperately searching.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who I attended one of my meetings, Mohamed Mohamed, a florist.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the summit of corporate initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mogadishu has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed came, if you wanted flowers for your wedding, you used a plastic sent from the foreigner . .
If you ask somebody,``When was the last time you saw fresh flowers? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be,``Never . ''
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
He started a company of landscape and flower design.
He created a farm on the outskirts of Mogadishu, and he started growing the tubes and lines, which he said, they could survive Mozart's climate hard.
And it started the delivery of flowers for weddings, creating gardens in homes, and the city companies, and now he's working on creating the first public park of Mogadishu in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mogadishu.
It wants to create a space where families, young people, can go together, and as he says, smell the proverbial tiles.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people.
They never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO, working for the government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, that might be the change of change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They identified business solutions for local problems.
So inspired young people and creating a culture of business spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas true.
They need experience and guidance to guide them in development and put their business.
They connect the young people with the resources they need, to deliver the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's to create social impact.
Mohamed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park, this is what it calls it, when it's created, transforming the way people see their city.
They hold up kids from the street to help rent and keep the motors for him.
I gave them the opportunity to escape the paralysis of the waiting period.
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities.
So my suggestion is: convert young people in entrepreneurs, include and feed their inherent innovation, and have more stories about flowers and Peace parks than cars and``waiting periods . ''
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Adam Mountains, an area added north of New York State.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest forest.
The sun would make the leaves glow as a glass, and not being through the path we kept, we almost could pretend that we were the first human beings to pass that land.
We got to our camp.
It was a shed in a record with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the coverage there was a dump, about four square meters with apple hearts, powered aluminum paper, and old calculated.
And I was exhausted, I was very angry and incredibly confused.
The campaigns that were too lazy to take out what they had brought, who thought it was going to clean their trash?
That question followed with me, and it's very simplified.
Who clean our trash?
No matter as a organization or where they put the``ours ,"who clean our trash in Istanbul?
Who clean our garbage in Rio or in Paris or in London?
Here in New York, the Department of Health clean our trash, to 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does it feel like to use the uniform and take that load?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through their trajectories and interviewed people in offices and installations across the city, and I learned a much, but it was still an intruder.
I needed to go further.
So I started working as a garbage collection.
Now it doesn't just travel in trucks . I drove them.
And I operated the mechanical debris and bar the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as prevalent as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong you get used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used by weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years, and their bodies kept going to the weight of taking on their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of Labor statistics, the waste collection is one of the ten most dangerous occupation in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering traffic all day, and they're walking around you.
They just want to go, so in general the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is filled with dangers that are often falling on the truck and causes terrible damage.
I also learned about the relentless of garbage.
When you get out of the room and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
Never stop coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It should always be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I believe strongly that waste collection is the most important workforce on the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health protections.
If you don't get rid of waste and effective ways every day, this starts to break out of your containers and their inherent dangers threats us in very real ways.
Disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries go back and start to harm.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old we don't have space for what the motors of the economy start to fail when it's in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just to tell you your relationship.
And then there's what I call our average average speed.
I mean, with that, I'm just the speed to the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about, we don't repair, we clean, or we carry with our coffee cup, our wedding bag, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them, we forgot them, because we know that there's a work force on the other side that will be commissioned from it.
So today I want to suggest to you a couple ways of thinking about the collection of waste collection that maybe help reduce stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Your job, I, is almost literature.
They're on the street every day in an rhythmic way.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to expect them.
And their work allows us to make ours.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us to save ourselves, of our own waste, our waste, and that flow always has to stay in one way or another . .
One day after September 11th , 2001, I heard the thick of a waste collection truck on the street, grabbed my little son and went down the stairs running, and there was a man doing his paper recycling journey as he did all the Wednesday.
And I tried to thank him to do his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just nodded, and he said,``We're going to be fine.
We're going to be fine . ''
Shortly after that, I started investigating waste collection and I saw that man.
It's called Paul, we worked together many times, and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as a species we should include and have in account all the costs, even the very real human cost in the workforce.
municipal waste, what we think when we talk about trash, represent three percent of the amount of waste of waste.
It's a remarkable statistic.
So in the flow of their days and his lives, the next one you see somebody whose job is to clean the trash of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life being part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final piece of architecture.
The first example began with an invitation to design a shopping center in Ethiopia's capital, Addis Ababa.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was,``I want to go out . ''
After seeing some of these buildings, there are many in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very big stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Secondly, you need to employ a lot of energy because the crystal coating generates heat inside, so you need a lot of cooling.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees across the year.
And third, it has nothing to do with Africa or with Ethiopia.
It's a shame that's so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I was really engaging with the ancient market that is this free structure where thousands of people go and buy things every day in small marketers.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a mall.
But the question was how to build a modern building, of various floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by inspect the site, which is located in an area of a lot of growth in the city, where a lot of the buildings that we see now in the image, they didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that are not communicating in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets, bringing all the inputs in the building.
And this extends with an inclined atrium that creates an open-air space in the building that is engaged, by its own shape, the sun and the rain.
And around this space we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes in every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responded to local climate conditions.
And I got to think about a similar tissue to a performance shell with perfections to allow the air entrance, and also the light, but in a filter way.
And then we're inspired in these beautiful buttons of Ethiopian dresses.
They have fractal geometry properties, and this helped me model the facade.
We're building that with these little preferences that are the windows that are leaving the air and light in a controlled way inside of the building.
This is complicated with these little colors of colors using the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas, it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought,``That's not a commercial center . It wasn't what we asked . ''
But in fact, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center, because ultimately, there were more local to sell.
And also the idea of facade was a lot more economic, not just because of the material in comparison with the glass, but also because it was no longer necessary to have air conditioning.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the energy self-assembly for the building in a city where electricity gets almost every day.
So we got a great advantage putting photosynthesis on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these guys on the roof, that together collect water for the interior health.
It's expected for the beginning of the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia City.
And to make a project so big, the biggest one I had designed, I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also its environment, his tradition and culture.
During that analysis, I put special attention in the middle, a 1,000 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with dozen acres of access connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation that we did was expand the existing streets, creating 12 major blocks similar in size and characteristics that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic points in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines, and this changed the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the little cell of the project, as the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate?
And it's north, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we've got a scheme that makes sure that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with sticks, and then at the bottom plant, we have all the connections for pedestrians.
And it also responds to local norms that make a greater density on higher levels and a lower density in the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like retrieving the community, the space occupied by building.
It's where every neighbor, they can go up and socialize, and make activities such as running a two kilometers in the morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes communities and local economies to the same pace that the buildings grow.
For this reason, I see even more important looking at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between community and environment, and they have a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight, a new girl entered our class . It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
He had great amounts of hair hair and a little show of pencils, cute . It was very strong for the capital capital, very good for organism.
I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy, until I brought my sinister plan.
I was a time after the school came out of school . It was a little late and I hid in the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was cleared, I went out, I walked into the classroom, I took the table of my teacher's board.
And then I did.
I altered the grades of my rival, just a little, just some like this.
All of them . And I was taught to go back to the book, but to see, some of my other classmates had very good grades as well.
So in a frenzy, they raised the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of you out and I put myself a row in this way, just for being there, because I could ...
I'm still surprised by what I did.
I don't understand how the idea emerged.
I don't understand why I felt good.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I was never caught.
It was all desperately obvious.
Never discovered.
But above all, I was disconnected by the reason I was bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good for orthodoxy.
I'm intrigued by the jealousy.
They're so mysterious and so permanent.
We know that babies suffer from jealousy.
Also the primates . The blue birds are very likely.
We know that the cells are the number one cause of the scientists in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that supports loneliness, or long duration or sadness.
So, you have to go to fiction, because novels are like the lab in which the jealousy is studied in all of their forms.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there was no jealousy, there would be no literature.
Well, there wouldn't be Helen, and there wouldn't be``Odysseus . ''
There would be no jealous king, not``The thousand and a Night . ''
There would be no Shakespeare.
The lists of high school reading from high school, because we would be losing``The Noise and Furniture ,"there would be no``Gatewai"or``Fat ."We will lose``Mad Bourned"and``Anna K . ''
Without jealousy, there's no Proust . I know that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of the jealousy, almost all of them.
This year is about 100 years of his masterpiece,``In search of the lost time ,"the most exhaustive study of sexual jealousy, and also of ordinary competitiveness, my own, everything we could have . And thinking about Proust, we have the feelings, right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a magnetic manipulation in washing.
We forget how hard that image is.
We forget how improbable it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Wool said were so hard as a cat triple.
I don't know what cat traffic is, but we assume it's super super.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the jealousy, the jealousy and Proton.
Is it going to be very obvious like the jealousy, who reduce the person, to their wish, to their impediments, are a very solid narrative basis?
I don't know . I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy.
When we feel jealousy, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being the storytellers and the audience, we know exactly what details to include, to nail the knife, right?
The jealousy makes all of us an amateur novelists, and that's something that Proust understood.
All he does to give me pleasure could give pleasure to another, maybe right now . ''
And he starts to tell himself that story, and since, Prosperate says that every single fresh shock that Swenson detects in his lover, he adds his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Standard and Proust, they were notoriously jealous.
You know, Prosperature's boyfriend would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with him.
But you don't have to be so jealous to recognize that it's a hard job . Right?
The cells are exhausting.
It's a hungry emotion . You have to feed it.
And what are the jealousy?
The jealousy is nurtured from information.
The cells use the details.
The jealousy likes the big amounts of bright hair and cute and little stick.
The jealousy figures.
That's why Instagram is so successful, and Proust links the language well with the class of the jealousy.
When Swenson is in his jealousy agony, suddenly he hears behind the doors and bribe to the services of his lover, then it advocates those behaviors.
He says,``Look, I know you think this is disgusting, but it's not different from the interpretation of an ancient text or a monument . ''
He says,``These are scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that the cells look interesting and make us look like absurd, but in their hair, they're search for knowledge, search for truth, a painful truth . In fact, to what Proust concentrated, the more the truth, the better.
The pain, the humiliation, the loss: These were the tracks towards Proust's wisdom.
He says,``A woman who needs, who makes us suffer, causes in us a range of much deeper and vital feelings than a wise man who can be interested in . ''
Is it telling us that we're going to look for cruel women?
No . I think it's trying to say that the cells disclose us.
And is there any other emotion that makes us open this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals our aggression, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at such peculiar intensity?
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a young very restless young man who is consumed with the idea that his wife deceive him.
And Freud says that there was something strange in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Because she was innocent; everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he looked for things that his wife did, without realizing, involuntary behaviors.
Do you smile too much, or did it accidentally rock with a man?
Freud says that the man was becoming the construction of the unconscious of his wife.
novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how the jealousy makes us look at intensity but unprecedented.
In fact, the more intensely color we are, the more we become the residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the jealousy takes us to do violent or illegal acts.
The jealousy drives us in totally unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about myself at eight years old, I recognize it . But I also think about this story that I heard in the news.
A 57-year-old woman in Michigan was captured by having created a fake account on Facebook from which he was sent, awful messages to himself for a year.
For a year . Every year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend, I have to confess that when or this, I reacted with admiration.
Because, let's be realistic.
How big, although unfortunately, creativity . Right?
It's like novel.
It's like a novel of Patrick Higgs.
Higgs is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of``strangers in a train ,"and``The talented Mr. Ripping ,"books that are trying to how the jealousy, confused our minds, and once we're in the sphere, in the realm of the jealousy, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be drilled in an instant.
Take Tom Riple, his most famous character.
Tom Riple is going to want or want what you've got to be able to be able to be able to be and to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get away from what you ever had, and it's under the floor, it's going down to your name, it takes your rings
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take Tom Riple's route.
I can't give you everybody, as often as I want.
It's a pity, because we live in envy times.
We live in terms of jealousy.
I mean, we're good citizens of social networks, where is the currency? Right?
The novels show us the output? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters are always doing when they're not sure, when they're in a mystery.
Let's go to Barbara Street's 2011 and ask Safety Holls.
When people think about Thomas, they think about the curse in the Moriarty Professor, that criminal genius.
But I've always preferred [to] Lesterland, the head face of School Yard, who needs Holls desperately, needs the General genius, but it bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Tesla needs his help, but the answer, and bubble with bitterness in each of the mysteries.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in``The Airport of The Six Nations ,"once Hollywood goes into it, and he gets to all of his solution, Letterless comes back to Thomas and says,``We're not jealous, Mr. Thomas.
We're proud of you . ''
And he tells him that there's no person at School Yar who I didn't want to shake your hand.
It's one of the times that we see Thomas transplanted in history . It looks very emotional . That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the jealousy as a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a minute, Hollywood is on the opposite side of Lesterland.
The next minute is the same side.
All of a sudden, Lesterland is allowed to admire that idea of being the resistance.
Could it still be so simple?
What if the jealousy is really a matter of geometry, just a question of where we allow ourselves to be relative to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to resist the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like the contingency plans.
So as we wait for that to happen, let's remember that we have the fiction to get together.
Only fiction fiction is the jealousy.
The fiction used to be dominated by the table.
And look at what I clustering: the sweet Lester, the terrifying Tom Riplie, the crazy Swarth, the same Mars Proust.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21 , 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped outside of Apollo 11, and he went down on the Saudi Sea.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but their presence in the moon surface was the culmination of a conventional collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest mobilization in the history of America.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars of today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave work to about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died, including Apollo 1 crew.
But before the Apollo Apollo program , 24 men traveled to the moon.
Twelve walked on its surface, of which Alexander after death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest.
So why were they?
They didn't bring a lot back : 381 pounds of old rocks, and something 24 emphasize later, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical response is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets, that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962 are given a better idea.
John F. Kennedy: Some questions, why?
Why will it turn into our goal?
And you could also ask, why would you scale the highest mountain?
35 years ago, why will I fly on the Atlantic?
Why play Rice versus Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Pont: For the contemporaries, the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on East War.
At time, the strongest emotion was to wonder the transcendence of the power of technology.
Because it was a great thing to do that.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological triumph.
The first half of the 20th century produced the line of assembly and airplane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, pollinators eradicated, and the smallpox is removed.
Technology seemed to see what Alvin Corruphaber in 1970 called``academic force . ''
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a ship with candle, but in 1969, Apollo 10 flew to 40,000 miles / hour.
Since 1970, no human being has come to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than Apollo 10, and the optimism of the power of technology has evaporated when we see that problems that we imagine that technology would solve how to go to Mars, to create clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the global population, seem to be interesting.
I remember looking at Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that I don't look at the escape tube called the Saturn Saturn rocket.
I knew that this would be the last moon mission, but I was completely safe that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that``Something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology"has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here at TED.
It seems like the technologists had distracted us and they had been enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, apps and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sales.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They have expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a partial explanation in Silicon Valley, who trust that they have created less ambitious companies than those of the years when Intel, Microsoft, Apple and Gene.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the culprit, in concrete, the incentives that venture capitalists provide to entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment caused that the creation of transformational ideas are changed by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were at their final point without worrying about risk, they preferred small investments, minimal investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The CEOs have always had problems to invest in technologies like energy, who need a huge capital and whose development is in the long term . They have never invested in developing technologies to solve big problems, because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we want.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks that there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar, wind and biofuels -- less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic.
Coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind energy, oil is cheaper than the biofuels.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price . They don't exist.
Now, the technologists, the entrepreneurs and the economists agree what policy and international policies are going to incentivize the development of alternative energy: mostly, a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of coal prices.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we'll see an energy policy of America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that seem technological, it turns out not.
We know for time that famines are result of failure in the food repair.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect the distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like the harvest or the systems for storage and repair of food, but there will be famines while there were bad governments.
Finally, the big problems sometimes raise a solution because we don't really understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1971, but soon we found that there are many types of cancer, some terrible resistance to treatment, and only in the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve problems with technology.
We can and we must, but these four elements are going to be present: political leaders and population must want to solve the problem; institutions must support the solution; it must really be a technological problem, and we must understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, and it meets those criteria.
But it's a role model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There's no gravitational competition like the Cold War, there's no policy like John Kennedy who offers the hard and the dangerous, and there's no popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
It was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows we don't miss the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start to remind you the widespread ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they have become cliche of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a clock: there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second one is a goal: we should have more confidence.
And the third is a task: we should recover trust.
I think the recruitment, the goal and the task have been interpreted.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a rectangle, an objective and a task, I I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First of the watch: why people think that trust has decreased?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I'm inclined to think that it may have decreased in some activities or institutions and that I could have increased in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can go back to opinion surveys, and opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion surveys over time, there are not many evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were described about 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same mistrust.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago remain pretty reliable: judges, nurses.
The rest is in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen in the street is almost exactly halfway away.
But is this evidence?
What the surveys of opinion are, of course, opinions.
What else can you register?
What you see are the generic attitudes that people manifest when you ask certain questions.
Do you trust the politicians? Do you trust the teachers?
Now, if somebody asked you,``Do you trust the virtues?
You trust the fishermen?
Do you trust the elementary teachers? ''
You'd probably start to ask,``To do what? ''
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you might say, when you've answered your question,``Well, trust me in some, but in others not . ''
What's very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to depend on trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust we're going to feel for a certain kind of official, functional or type of person, is going to be uniform in every case.
I could, for example, say I trust a certain primary teacher that I know to give the kind of reading, but in any way to drive school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but not, maybe, to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives of the way that trust is different, why do we leave the whole knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract way?
I believe that surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to obvious the good judgment in fact that they trust something or in somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal I'm going to pursue.
I would have more confidence in what it is, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a pastor to not trust what is not reliable.
And I think those people who lay their savings with the very closely named Mr. Madoff, who then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confident.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
So I trust sports or denied with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say it, it says, yes, it's worth, that means that what matters is not the trust, but the trustworthiness.
What it's about is making a judgment about how trustworthy people are in certain ways.
And I think in order to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competent? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if you find that one person is competent in belonging materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we will have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, on the contrary, they're not responsible, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competent and honest, but I wouldn't trust them to take a letter to the mail, because they're forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very glad to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends that are competent and responsible but extremely dishonest.
If it's like that, I still haven't paid myself.
But that's what we're looking for: trustworthiness before trust.
Trust is the answer.
trustworthiness is what we have to judge.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so on, that would make us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a piece, and he said,``Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative paper than to attend the delivery . ''
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and the institution, that the accountability system that is destined to ensure trustworthiness and evidence is actually doing the opposite.
What they do is that the work of people who have to do hard tasks, like the midwives, demand them that``married the boxes ,"as we say.
I'm sure you all know similar examples.
Everything, all of that, for the goal.
I think the goal should be more trustworthiness, and that things are going to be different if we're trying to be worthy of trust and we're going to transmit the people that we are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, functional or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy . It's the judgment, the simple actions, the attitudes, which is not properly.
Third, the task.
To call the task rebuild trust, put things backwards.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can rebuild the trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in definition, is distinctive because we're providing other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bases so you can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't deceive, usually, all the people, all the time.
But you also have to bring out the financial evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That's done every day, everywhere, the common people, the officials, the institutions, very effectively.
Let me give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks say I can give them back without giving explanations.
I take you and give me back money, or they change them for the color I want.
That's great . I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust and you have trust on what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think that what we're aiming is not a very difficult thing to go.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers, we have been striving to reduce the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where imagination can be unleashed.
This separation has been shrinking, increasingly and more, so much more than one millimeter, the glass spectrum of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I wonder, if there were no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be like.
I first created this tool that goes into digital space, so when the strong press against the screen transfer its physical body to pixels.
Designers can map their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So, with this tool, the barriers are broken.
But two hands remain still outside the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of the hands?
In the Scottish Apple division of Microsoft, along with my mentor Captain Bulgaria, I redesigned the computer and transformed a small space on the keyboard in a digital area.
combining a transparent view with cameras of depth to detect the fingers and the face, now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside of the 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
As windows and files have a location in real space, select them is as easy to grab a book of a shelf.
You can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get the book, or you can highlight the words, or the words with the virtual tactile sensor that
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands.
In these examples, we go in the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come towards us?
Surely, many of us have bought and returned things online.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
What I have here is a virtual Internet test.
This is the vision that you get from a device in your head or translucent when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel them?
What would a future look like?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator Rehylon Post, we created this only physical pixel.
This spherical magnet behaves as a 3D pixel in space, which means that the computer as the users can move the object anywhere within this little three-dimensional space.
So simplicity, what we did was analyze gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation, mechanical and detectors.
And when we digitally program the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and go back and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach physically and distance and the famous shot of Michael Jordan can be replicated as a physical reality, the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, physics, and unlike the monitors or the textbooks, this is a real, palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not just going to show you something but start acting directly about us as part of the physical world around us without that we have to get rid of our world.
We started talking today about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that's left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Houston, China, in the '70s . . ''
When I was in first grade, the government wanted to transfer a school for athletes with all expenses.
But my mother tiger said,``No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After survival the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believed that there was only a certain path towards happiness: a safe, safe work.
No matter whether work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
An opera singer must start training from very young to learn the scarcity, so I tried everything I could to go to opera school.
I wrote to the principal of school and a radio program.
But no adults would add the idea.
No adults took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were children, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15, I knew it was too much more to train.
My dream would never be done.
He feared, that for the rest of my life, a second class was the only thing I could aspire.
And this was so unfair.
So I figured out another vocation.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I resort to books.
[" The Goldent Forces"from Sanjo .] [`` History of History"]] [`` History of History"] -- I arrived in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
\" Good Earth is about the Chinese criminal life.
And it's not convenient propaganda . I understood.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation:``honored your father and your mother . ''
\" honor ,"I said,``It's so different, and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to come out of this confused guilt trap and to reset my relationship with my parents.
He found it with a new culture, and it also led to my comparative reading habit.
It provides a lot of perspectives.
For example, at first this map seemed to me outside because this is what students in China learn.
I had never had to be in the center of the world.
A map involves the perspective of people.
comparative reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are up to research camps like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Comparing and contrast, it offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked to investigate, why not also do it in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can try [`` Benjamin Franklin"by Walter Isaac . [`` John Adams"by David McKimbus, who were involved in the same way, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Christ, the temptation is economic, political and spiritual.
For Buddha, they're all psychological: lust, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
[" Church Merce' Path . ''
For example, is through translation I realized,``happiness"in Chinese literally means``fast joy ."Ha!
And``girlfriend"in Chinese, literally means``new mother . ''
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know I'm not going to sit back alone or impossible never.
Having a destroyed dream is really nothing compared to what many others have suffered.
I've come to believe that the realization is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that the dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Until a destroyed dream can do that for you.
And it's thanks to books, which today I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clarity, most of the time.
So the books are always approaching them.
Thank you.
Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychopath of psychotherapy.
I was a medical student in a clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was an 18-year-old woman named Alex.
Alex went into the first session using jeans and a hunting toy, he threw on the couch of my office took off the shoes and said he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so relieved.
My classmates had a pyramid as a first client.
And I took a a window that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could drive it.
But I didn't.
With the funny stories that Alex brought to the sessions, I became easy to move the head while we went back to the solution.
\" The three are the new 19th ,"Alex, and so I saw, she was right.
You start working later, he's married later, it has kids later, until death happens after.
For veterans like Alex and I had time.
But soon after, my supervisor pushed me to press Alex to talk about his loving life.
I was resistant.
I said,``Of course, it's coming out with guys under your category, it's agreed with a hollow head, but it's not like he's going to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said,``Not yet, but maybe it married with the next.
In addition, the best time to work on Alex's marriage is before you marry . ''
This is what psychologists call a``Aha!"moment.
It was when I realized that the '30s are not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what was used, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex to be a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex's time, and we were wasting it.
So I realized, this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem, and he had real consequences, not only for Alex and his loving life but for the careers, the families and the victims of veterans everywhere.
There are 50 million vehicles in the United States, today . .
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you think nobody comes to adulthood without passing before in the twentieth.
Hands up if you're in your 20s.
I want to see the vehicles here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with versions, you love a neighbor, you take off the dream of the dream, I want to see . It's okay . Incredible, the real estate of truth matters.
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will spend at 35 years.
This means that eight out of 10 decisions and experiences and moments,``Aha!"that they shape his life to have gone through when you get 30 and so on.
People of over 40, don't train in panic.
This audience is going to be okay . I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on how much money they will win.
We know that more than half the Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at the age of 30.
We know that the brain ends its second and last stage of growth in their 20s and reproduce for adulthood, which means that if there's something they want to change themselves, now it's the moment to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than at any time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to their roof at 28, and things become complicated at 35.
The 20 is the moment to educate their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which your daily and common life has an impact on the person that will become.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development, and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the vehicles are listening.
newspapers talk about changes in the timeline of adulthood.
The researchers call the 20, an extended adolescence.
journalists are coined by ridiculous names like``Twitter"and``swimming . ''
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a triviality that's actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonard Bernstein said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when they give you a vice on your head, and they say,``You have another 10 years to start your life? ''
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and his ambition, and it's absolutely nothing.
And then every day, smart views, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this:``I know my boyfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count . I'm just killing time . ''
Or they say,``Everybody says that while you start a career before 30, everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts to sound like this:``My 20 are to finish, and I still have nothing to show.
I was better at the day than I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound something like this:``My quote during the twentieth were like the chair game.
Everybody ran and fun, but then at some point around the '30s, the music turned out, and everybody started sitting.
I didn't want to be the only one who would be standing, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I had 30 . . ''
Where are the vehicles here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but you don't get wrong, risks are very high.
When a lot of things are left by the '30s, there's a huge pressure to the three and so many to start a career, pick a city, choose a partner, and have two or three children in a much shorter time period.
Many of these things are not compatible, and there are research that start to show, which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything at once at the age of 30.
The crisis in the modern political age is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
You realize you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
A lot of transportations and quarks look at themselves, and me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20s,``What was I doing? What was I thinking? ''
I want to change what the vehicles are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because I was, in his own words, having a crisis of identity.
He said he would like to work on art or entertainment, but you couldn't decide yet, so I spent the last few years working as a waiter.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend that showed more temperature than ambition.
And even though you live a few very difficult 20, his previous life had been even harder.
It was often crying in our sessions, but then she woke up himself by saying,``You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends . ''
Well, one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new book for director, and I had spent the whole morning filled with her many contacts, but then he looked at the empty space that followed after the words,``In case of emergency, please call me . ''
He was at the point of history when he saw me and said,``Who's going to be for me if I have a car accident? ''
Who's going to take care of me if I get cancer? ''
At that moment, I got a lot of work to resist and not say,``I . . ''
What Emma needed was not a therapy that really was worried.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the decisive decade of Emma was in front of.
So for the next weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all vice, man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma to forget about that identity crisis and get identity capital.
For identity capital, I mean doing something that adds value to your person.
Doing something that is an investment in what you want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Emma's career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates capital of identity.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, of that switch, of that company that they want to test.
And I'm not cutting the exploration, I'm describing the exploration I shouldn't tell, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's prosperity.
I told Emma to explore jobs and make them count.
Secondly, I told Emma that urban tribes are surprised.
The best friends are great to bring to the airport, but the versions that come together with friends with similar minds are limited in the way they know, what they know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new capital piece, that new person who comes out almost always comes from its nearest circle.
The new things come from what they're called friends friend of friends of their friends.
Yes, half the vehicles have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half not, and weak links are the way we color this group.
Half of the work created never, then, to meet the head of your neighbor is how you get an unprecedented job.
It's not cheating . It's the science of how information happens.
Last but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but he's his friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a veteran, Emma soon choosing her family, when I have a couple and shape his own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to feel head than the 20 or even 25, and I agree with you.
But choice the person you live in now or you get to you now when everyone in Facebook starts to walk towards the altar is not progress.
The best moment to work on your marriage is before you have it, and that involves being as intentional in love as you're at work.
Your family should be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just making it work or killing time with whom you choose you.
So what about Emma?
Well, we looked at that conductor, and she found the roommate of a cousin who worked in a art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That labor supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that I lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organizing events in museums.
This married man who chose consciously.
He loves his new career, loves his new family, and I sent a letter that said,``Now, the emergency contact spaces are not big enough . ''
Emma's story can sound easy, but that's what I love working with versions.
It's very easy to help them.
Versas are like airplanes that come out of the Los Angeles airport, which come out somewhere in the West.
Just before the takeoff, a slight fit in his trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji.
In the same way, at 21 or 25, and even at the age of 29, a good conversation, a good rest, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the following years or even in the next generation.
Here's my idea of spreading all the vehicles you know.
It's as simple as I learned to tell Alex.
It's what now I have the privilege of telling them as Emma every single day: The headlines are not the new 20, they prescribe their adult, they get identity capital, use their weak bond, choose your family.
They're not allowed to define what they didn't know or what they didn't know.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in management consultant for a job that was even more picky: the teacher.
I went to teach them mathematics to statistical students in the public schools in New York.
And as any professor, I applied tests and tests.
I give you tasks.
When the work came back, it calculated the grades.
What struck me was that the CIA was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of the people who had a better performance didn't have any positions of I.Q.
Some of my smartest kids weren't going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of thing you need to learn in math in seventh grade, safe, they're difficult: proportions, decisions, the area of a parallel.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during the long enough time.
After several years of PhD, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure a better way.
It's the B, but what if to succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn differently and easy?
So I left the classrooms and went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios, and in every study my question was, who's successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the Middle Academy West Point.
We tried to predict what chains would stay in military training and who would be removed.
We went to the Yellowstone National Congress, and we tried to predict what children would move the most far possible in competition.
We study novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, wondering what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those, who will be the most effective to improve the results of their students?
We partnered with private companies, asking, which of these marketers are going to keep their jobs?
And who's going to earn more money?
In all of those very different contexts, a feature came out like a major predictor of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health and it wasn't the CIA.
It was determination.
determination is passion and perseverance to achieve very long-term goals.
The determination is to have resistance.
determination is to clinging to its future, day after day, not just for the week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a career at all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students to do my determination questionnaires and then waited about over a year to see who they were graduation.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater chance of graduation, even when they matched them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized evidence, even the safety that children felt when they were in school.
So not only is it in West Point or at the Yellowstone National Council where determination matters . It's also in school, especially for children at risk of abandoning it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know how little science is about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me,``How do we develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a good job ethic?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term? ''
The most honest answer is: I don't know . What I know is that talent doesn't give you determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that simply don't go ahead with their commitments.
In fact, in our data, it's commonly determined, or it's even related to talent measures.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing determination in children is something called``growth mindset . ''
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Duke, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change with the effort.
Dr. Duke has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain, and how they change and grow up in response to challenge, they're much more likely to share when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mentality is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech will end, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have ahead.
We need to take our best ideas, our strongest intuitions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful, and we need to be willing to fail, to wrong, to start all again with the lessons learned.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan as a daughter's daughter, one of my most scary memories is my mother showing beauty, shape and shape of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I wonder me for this incredible language.
But for a foreigner, it seems to be as important as the Great Wall . .
In the last few years, I've been asking me if I can remove this wall, so you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new, quick method of learning could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the strokes in each character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do in a faster and faster way.
A Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read signal signals, restaurant menus, understand the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today to start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open your mouth as much as it's possible until it's square.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
People.
If the form of fire is a person with arms on both sides, like it's screaming in a free way,``Help me! I'm burning!"This symbol is actually original of the shape of the call, but I like to believe it's the other way . The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The door's symbol looks like a couple doors from a song in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks for a lot more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's``follow . ''
As the ancient said, two are company, three are crowd.
If one person would stretch their arms, this person is saying,``It was that big . ''
The person inside the mouth, the person is trapped.
It's a prisoner, as Jonas inside the whale.
A tree is a tree . Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the foundations.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a``idiot"-- easy to remember, because a parallel tree is quite idiot.
Remember fire?
Two fire together, it's very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of calls.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burning.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, I went.
Three together, those are flashes.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brightness.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and one night.
The sun comes out on the horizon . sunrise.
A door . Put a table inside the door, it's the door crossing.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Did I touch, played someone at home?
This person is coming out hiding from a door, climbing, educating.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing.
Three women together, keep careful.
So we've already gone through almost 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical eight will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, you will be able to learn a couple hundred characters, which is the same thing as a Chinese Chinese Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating phrases.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a fire mountain . It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin, because Japan is east in China.
So a sun next to the origin, created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two stacked mountains one over the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile, because Chinese entrepreneurs would destroy their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, exile has become out.
A mouth that tells you where out is a output.
This is a slide to remind me that I must stop talking and down the stage . Thank you.
What I prefer to be Dad is the movies I come to see.
I love sharing my favorite movies with my children, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Wizard magician together.
The film dominated his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glandi, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a bright dress and take a magic wand.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
Now we live, and we raised our children in a kind of complex kind of complex spectrum of childhood.
However, the Oz magician was an event itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a lot of years later with, interestingly, another film whose protagonist, a metal kid and a furry guy rescued a girl dress as an enemy guard.
Do you know what I'm talking about? Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there are a couple of big differences between the Wizard magician and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there are very little violence in the Wizard magician.
The monkeys are quite aggressive, like apples.
But I think if the Oz magician was done today, the magician would say,``Dorothy, you're the Oz's salvation as the prophecy predicted . ''
You use magic shoes to defeat the computer-generated army computers.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing from the Wizard magician is that the most heroic, wiser, even wildlife are women.
I started noticing this when I made a look at Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that point, I also had a son.
Only three years old.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the supervision level had come down . So he went down in the room, and he was impressed as a mom leg with his backyard behind, and I I don't think he understood what was going on, but independently, it absorbs everything.
I wonder what it's perceived.
Would you be issues of value, perseverance and loyalty?
Would it have the sense that Luke was one to a army to defeat the government?
Let's compare this to the Wizard magician of 1939.
How did Dorothy win his film?
By making good grandchildren with all and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow up, OK, and not a men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so many capital force F, force in the movies for our children, and so little from the yellow brick path?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence in girls, and they should read it . It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus.
I know, because of the experience of Lebanon, it doesn't provide the right framework that had served me to navigate the world of adults who is blended . I I think at the moment of the first kiss, I really expected the credit to begin to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has done, I have a girlfriend.
Why are they standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
movies focus on defeat the villain and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a kid, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a warrior suit.
There are lots of exceptions, and they will defend the princess of Disney before any of you.
But they send a message to children, even though they, kids, are not really their goal public.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the patriarchy, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely like Herbie and Kates, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful subject of all time continues to appear in classic after classical, every one of them about the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who raised a girl.
Until, as many of you are thinking, this year, I finally came out courageous.
I recommend it to all of you . It's already available in stores.
Do you remember what the critic said when courageous came out?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a film of a princess.
It's very good . You don't let it stop them.
Well, almost none of these films pass the Belthigh test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't been roots, yet, but maybe today we'll start a movement.
Allison Beck is a comic comics, and in the mid-'80s, he recorded a conversation that had had with a friend of the evaluation of the movies that you saw.
And it's very simple . There are only three questions that you should do: In the movie, is there more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
Are these women talking to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something more besides the kid that they like? Okay? Thank you . Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things to each other.
It happens . I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the cinema we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality movie, Arab.
Right? Rumors of Oscar, supply success, an idea of what a hot Hollywood film is.
Virtually, it doesn't happen in Beck's test.
And I don't think it should be, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in a embassy where men and women hide during the crisis of the hostage.
We have many scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hiding, and it's the great time for one of the actresses to take a look at the door and say,``Do you come to bed, honey? ''
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 most popular movies, how many of them believe that they have female protagonists?
Eleven . It's not wrong.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, so it's okay.
But there's a greater number than this one that's going to disappoint this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
Here's what he said.
In the United States, one in five women say it's been sexually assaulted in their life.
I don't think it's the fault of mass entertainment.
I don't think the movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't think the videos of music or pornography are closely linked, but something wrong, and when I hear that statistic, one of the things I think is that there's a lot of sexual assault.
Who are those guys? What are you learning?
What don't you learn?
Are you looking at the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and not talk?
Are we looking at that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic, and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal like turning power, and we expect that to help, but I have to ask, do I have to ask, is it going to be able to protect the power is going to protect them if, at the same time, active or passively, are we educating our children to keep our male power?
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I'm mainly talking about parents.
I think we have to show our children, a new definition of female.
The definition of masculinity is radically changing.
You'll have read about how new economy is changing the role that you care about home and the savings.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter, what was his favorite character from Star Wars, you know what he responded?
Obernety.
Obama Kennedy and Glandi.
What do these two?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than nobody, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of story for my daughter, and I like that kind of story for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories in which I tell my son,``Go and struggle only and more stories where their job is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, help other people improve and be better people, like the Oz magician . ''
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked to do was look at sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered with sand and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I'm used to looking for them.
I began to see shapes and patterns that helped me collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for past and archaeology.
And finally, when I started studying explosion, I realized that to see my own eyes was not enough.
Because suddenly in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 3,000 miles of length next to the Nile.
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to using satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see in using infrared.
This is a place located on the eastern East Delta called Benjamin.
And the place, in a simple view, seems to be brown, but when we use infrared, and we process it using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink.
What you're seeing are the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians.
I want to share with you how satellite data has used to find an ancient Egyptian city called Ticket, lost for thousands of years.
Tolstoy was the capital of ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the French, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of old Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
Egyptians have always known that Italy was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, indicated within the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge aluminum of aluminum.
This area is enormous, it's about six miles for four miles.
Before, the Nile flows right next to the State side, and as he changed over time, he moved into this and covered the entire city.
So how do you find a city apart in an extensive landscape?
Trying to find it at random, it would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves.
So, we use NASA Talks to make a map of place, very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nile is flowing.
But you can see more detailed, and it's even more interesting, this area slightly elevated that you see inside the circle here, that we thought it could be the location of Italy.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sample work; you can see it here.
When I say show, it's like the sample sample shots, but instead of layers of climate change, we look for layers of human occupation.
Five meters below, under a thick layer of slime, we find a dense layer of ceramics of ceramics.
This means that in this possible location of Islam, five meters below, we have a layer of occupation for several hundred years that are data from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period we think is Islamist.
We also found a little bit of a predator, correlation, quartz and cat; what it shows there was a jewelry.
This might seem like it's not a lot, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that's data from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what's been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Italy here, but we'll go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably written in Italy 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is the biggest of all the voices.
There's nothing like that on land.
So according to, TED was not founded in 1984.
The ideas happen really started in 1984 -- I heard in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the search for marine shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, front of the door.
I'd like you to pay attention to the door color, the material that it's made.
Now, visualize a group of obese nickens in bicycles.
They're competing in a nice bit of bikes, and they're going to address their entry door.
I need you to see this really.
They're pulling strong, they're sweating, they're jumping a lot.
And they collide against the door of his house.
There are bicycles flying everywhere, wheels that go on their side, the wheels that end up in absurd places . You go the door threshold.
To the lobby, to the hallway, or what you have on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light . The light is shining on the Galaxies monster.
You're waving them with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse.
You can feel your blue ball making them tickle in the nose.
You can smell the bird cookie, and you can smell that it's about to get in the mouth.
They go on the one hand and enter his living room.
It's already in the room, and doing maximum use of his imagination, imagine Britney Spears.
He's with little clothes, dancing on his center of center, singing``Hig Baby One Mountain . ''
Now take me to the kitchen.
The ground has been coated with a yellow brick path, and from the oven, they come towards you Dorothy, the Man of Derugger, Spain and the Len of``The Wizard of Oz ,"grab from the hands, jumping into you.
Okay . Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes every spring in New York City.
It's called the United States Memory Campaign.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting, I, that this was like the end of a wise superhero.
There were several men and a few different ladies of different ages and different hygiene habits.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, looking at them just once.
They memorize the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who I could memorize with more quickly the order of a drum deck.
And I thought,``This is incredible . ''
These people must be the phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This one is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and has one of the best trained memories.
I asked him,``Ed, when you realize you were a wise? ''
Ed replied,``I am not a wise.
Actually, I have a average memory.
Everybody who participated from this competition say they have normal memory.
\" We've trained to perform these miraculous memories of memory using some ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that City used to memorize their speeches, and medieval academics used to memorize entire books . ''
And my reaction was,``Wow . How did I not hear about this before? ''
We were standing outside of the competition room, and Ed, who is a wonderful and brilliant English, although a little bit exciting, said,``Josh, you're an American journalist.
Do you meet Britney Spears? ''
And I said,``What? No, why?
\" Because I'd like to teach Britney Spears how to memorize order in a live national deck, in national television.
That would prove to the world that anybody can do it . ''
And I said,``Well, I'm not British Spears, but maybe you can teach me.
So you have to start for something not? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
And I ended up spending most of the next year not only training my memory, but also researching it, trying to understand how it works, why it's sometimes not working and what your potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called EC.
He's amazing, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that he had a memory problem; it's awesome.
Someone incredibly tragic, but it was a window that allowed to see how far our memory makes us who we are.
In the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Pearl . He was based on the role of Dusty Hoffman in the movie``Rain Man . ''
We spent a afternoon in the public library of Salt Lake City, by memorizing phone books; it was flashing.
And when I come back, I read a lot of treaties about written memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in Antarctica, and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory, discipline and culture wasn't a thing as rare as it can look like today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, to provide their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world possible, but they've also changed us.
They've changed culturally, and I would say that they've changed us too.
As we almost don't have to remember, sometimes it seems that we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you still find people passionate about this idea of a trained memory, discipline and culture is this very peculiar competition of memory.
It's actually not so singular; there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated, I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the University College of London invited a group of memory champions, the lab.
They wanted to know: Is it that it has brains in a way, structural or intimately different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they smarter than the rest?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that they compare them.
When they put them in a magnetic resonance machine, they scanned their brains as they memorize numbers, faces and forms of snow copyright, found that in memory champions were lit up from the brain, different than others.
They actually used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something that we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is driven as a armed career where each year shows up someone with a new way of remembering more things, faster, and then the rest of the competitors must put the day.
This is my friend Ben President, three times of memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 bars of messy chips that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and he only mastered.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 4,500 binary binary digits.
Yes . Yes.
And while there's a great ways to remember things in these competence, absolutely all the techniques used in the end are reduced to one concept that psychologists call``progressive coding . ''
It illustrates with an elegant paradox known as``Baker . ''
That's his Apple.
And then I ask you,``Remember that there is a bacteria . ''
And when I go back later, and I ask them``Remember that word I told you a while? ''
\" Remember what was it? ''
The person who was told that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who was told that his work was``Baker . ''
Same word, different memory capacity; that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Baker, actually doesn't mean anything for you.
With all the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word``Baker"-- we know baker.
They use little white hats.
They have flour in your hands.
They smell well when they go home.
We probably know some baker.
And when we first heard that word for the first time, we started putting applications to passing them easily at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to make this data 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the memory palace.
The story says this: There was a poet called Symphones who attended a banker.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, he didn't bring a a DJ, he hired a poet.
He stood up, he got his memory poem, and he marched, and so soon it was, the banker room collapsed.
It's killing everyone.
But not only killed everyone, but it destroyed the bodies by letting them be unrecognizable.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting.
So you couldn't bury the bodies.
One tragedy behind the other.
Symmetries, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble, closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where I had been sitting every invited.
I took the family's families taking them where their loved ones were loved between the rubble.
What Symptoms warned at that moment is something that we all know more or less intuitively, and that is that no matter whether we're good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions words for our colleagues, we have visual memory and excessive space.
If I asked you to receive the first 10 words of the story I just told you about Symptoms, it's very likely to be very difficult to do that.
But I would bet that if you ask them to say who was sitting on the parallel horse horse in his lobby, they would be able to see it.
The idea of memory palace is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and fold it out of images with the things that you want to remember, the more crazy, decorated, funny, space and supported is the image, more innocent to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, the first memory treaties, in Latin.
And how does it work?
So let's say you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk, and you want to do it in memory, the same way I'd ever done it, if you've been invited to TEDx, about 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine that they're on the door of your house.
And to come up with some sort of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and innocance image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely inspiring competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and you can see the monster of the Galaxies mounted over Mister Ed.
And that would remind you that they want to introduce their friend Ed Cook.
And then you'd see Britney Spears to remind you that funny anecdote you want to tell.
And then they would go into the kitchen, and the fourth subject of that would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
That's how Roman speakers memorize their speeches, not word by word, which is going to confuse them, but typical by typical.
In fact, the term``typical ,"comes from the Greek``tapes ,"which means``place . ''
It's a vessel of when people thought about the orphanage and the rhetoric with this species of spatial terms.
The phrase``first place ,"it would be like the first place in your memory palace.
I saw this was just fascinating, and I got full of it.
And I went to some of these memory competitors, and I had the idea of writing something extensive about this culture of competitive memory.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a pathologically boring event.
Seriously, it's like looking at a lot of people sitting on tests . I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is massage.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put myself in place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sit to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school ad bought in a thumb market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I had never expected it to be.
It was entertaining, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What it's actually about doing is to improve more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous, comic, inspiring, unangound, underlying, silent ones in the eye of mind.
I was quite hooked with this.
This is me, using my standard training team for memory competition.
It's a couple of ears, and a bunch of security glasses with tape leaving only two holes, because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before . I had the idea that I could enter, in a kind of participatory personal experiment.
I thought this might be a good deal for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition, something that I didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's cute to memorize speeches, and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build sticks of memory or memorize shuffle shuffle, and to benefit with a little bit about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a big memory as if it would be an innate gift, but it's not the case.
Great memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deeply.
Memory palace -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing, a kind of complete attention that most of them are not running around.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
That's how things get memorable.
And if there's something I want to leave you today, that's what EC, the excitement I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what's already our short existence in the Blackberries or iPhones, not paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walks on our side . Are we going to be so hunting that we don't even bother to process deep?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you have to be the kind of person I remember remember.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue, so we'll address just a complex place: New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from New Jersey, I was six years old and I lived there at my parents' home in a village called Lincoln, and this was my child bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And in my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that gave the living room.
And there they all spent the time looking at the telly . So every time I was from my room to the bathroom, everybody looked at me, and every time I shower myself and I wrapped back on a towel, everybody saw me.
And I was like that.
It was clumsy, insecure and hated it.
He hated that journey, hated that balcony, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, no area division, but of those visceral, visceral connections that we feel in the places that we occupy.
And it's not surprising that we feel like that, because according to Environmental Protection Agency, Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
So 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what I'm calling you:``power ,"`` stability"and``democracy . ''
And I know you think about it as well as a building building about 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a deposit that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection; we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build, urbanization and governments, are always afraid to innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know they're going to work.
So we find buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Public Library of Lincoln that's finished in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome; it has this round thing, columns, red brick, that they let interview what Livestow is trying to communicate with this building: children, property values, history.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, another library is finished, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet, read and share.
So how is it that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of these so-called libraries, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works as the beginning of the pendulum.
On one side is innovation; architects that are constantly pushing new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for the current life forms.
We drive, we drive and we drive so much, that we get completely away from people.
All black, this depressed us . You think we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another option.
We've got to go to the other side and reconnect with those tight symbols.
And so we do it, and we're all happy, but we feel like a transistor, so we start experimenting again; we're doing the block of the back forward, over and over again . So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well , 30 years ago, we came out of the 1970s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called broadcasting.
It has to do with the concrete.
That can be guess.
Small windows, on slavery.
Something really hard.
So we got closer at 80, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We put the pendulum back in the other direction.
We take those ways that we know they like and we updated them.
We add and add cake and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't give it about.
We take Chippe weapons and turn them into skyscrapers, which can be medieval castle made of glass.
The shapes were added, they won in audacity and color.
dwarf became columns.
The sciences grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But it was 80, that was great.
We all spent the rat in commercial centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, and there, in the suburbs, we could create our own architectural fantasies.
Those fantasies could be to meditation, French, or Italian.
It's probably a loaf of bread sticks.
This is what happens to permission.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we remember memories from other places.
I know very well, and all of you know that this is not the Tuscany.
This is Ohio.
The architects are frustrated and we started making the pendulum again in the other direction.
In the '80s, and in the early '90s, we started experimenting with the deconstruction call.
We dismiss the historical symbols; we now have new computer design techniques, and we find new components -- a few ways that are crashing against other ways.
This is academic and administration, and it's super implantable; you're totally excluded.
Normally, the block pendulum again in opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building is opened.
It's the Guggenheim of Bilbao, from Frank Gehry.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Geloron said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when criticism, academic and public in general, were completely agreement about a building.
The New York Times calculated this miraculous construction.
tourism in Bilbao increased by 2,500 percent when the building ended.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings: Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spring.
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is that possible that these shapes, wild and radical, how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because media galvanized around them and quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
They did the same mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if you had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of the new millennium started with other stars star.
I happened to Zai and Libeskind, and what happened with these few elite architects in the new millennium threshold, actually began to happen with all the architecture -- digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think, for example, how do you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, you'd have to walk to the next village to see a building.
The transportation is accelerating: they can take a ship, an airplane, they can be tourists.
Technology accelerates . You can see in the newspapers, in the telly, and at the end, we are all architecture photographers, and the building is transported beyond their physical location.
Architecture is everywhere now; that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not really accurate to think about a building.
You need a long time to build a building, three or four years old, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings, before you know whether the one who designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
This is how we find buildings like this.
Brown was not a two-year-old movement, but 20 years old.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we didn't have any idea how much they did.
That's never going to happen again . I think, because we're in the biggest revolution in architecture from the invention of the concrete, steel or elevators, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply to the media pendulum, it starts to get faster and faster, until we're in both extremes almost in simulation, and it's effectively driven the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, architects, and you, the public . .
Now we can do almost instant symbols, with emotional charge, something completely new.
I'm going to show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was fire.
This is the center of a village called Pinoscopes in Fire Island, in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building was finished, it was already part of the community, and as drawings looked exactly like the finished product, there were no surprises.
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer, when people began to come and share it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, it became a media, because these are not just images of a building, it's the images that one made of the building.
And as you use it to tell your story, they become part of personal narrative, and that makes us cut the collective memory, and in charge these symbols, we learn.
That is, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell each other what we think about architecture, because digital media hasn't only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think about a second in those Librion libraries.
If that building is built today, we first went to the Internet looking for new libraries.
We would be bombarded with examples of experimentation, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's ammunition.
Monsters that can lead to Lincoln's mayor, to the people of Lincoln, and tell them that there is no single response to what's a library today.
So let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives freedom to experiment.
Everything is different now.
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use great words and complicated drawings, and one is no longer a display that doesn't accept something that I haven't seen before.
Architects can listen to, and you don't let you go through architecture.
That means that the dark pendulum of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find appropriate solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different from the buildings of today.
This means that a public space in the old city of Seattle can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red bricks with based on ideas of what you should be a stadium.
This means that some robots can build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the shapes that are going to produce.
That means that buildings are driven to the whims of nature and not against.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or yoga, or even one can be married in the night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming at the River River in New York, and raise half a million dollars from the community together around that cause, no longer a customer.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little pavilion of returns, so muscle and fundamental as the animals that are going to look.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
Architects already know how to make buildings more ecological, smarter and more friendly.
We've been waiting for all of you to do it.
Finally, we're no longer on opposite sides.
Find an architect, control it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot in play.
Buildings don't just reflect our society, but they shape it to the smaller spaces, the local libraries, the homes where we form our children, and the home step to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steel.
I just turned out a year and he started walking.
And it does it in that great, typical way of children in a year, shaking, as if his body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally precious.
And one of the things that I like to do is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
It's laughing and chicken, and it gives themselves those big and wet kisses.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of your friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and he made me think,``When do you stop doing this? ''
How is it that suddenly we're not comfortable with our appearance?
Because apparently, we don't like it.
Every month , 10,000 people look at Google,``Am I ugly? ''
This is F, he's 13 years old, and he lives in Denver.
And as any teenager, it just wants to be dear and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for the next week in school.
He has a fear, it's a little bit confused, because, even though her mom tells him the whole thing that's beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells him that it's ugly.
Among what his mom says and what his friends, or the friends of school they say, don't know who to believe.
So he makes a video of herself, he publishes it on YouTube, and he asks others to please leave a comment,``Am I nice or ugly? ''
Well, so far, F has received over 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so unpleasant, that it doesn't even deserve the thought to think about them.
We talk about a healthy, normal and current teenager that gets these responses in one of the stages of their most vulnerable life.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it taking to do this?
Well, the teenagers today are almost never alone.
They're under pressure to be online and available all the time, talking, chatting, giving me``I like ,"and I'm starting, sharing, publishing, this never ends.
We've never been so connected before, continuously, so young.
As a mother said to me,``It's like there's a party in your bedroom every night . ''
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are impossible.
This environment, to be always connected, is facing our children to be able to be based on the number of``I like"that they have and the kinds of comments that they get.
There's no divide between a life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what is not.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what's authentic and what is digitally manipulated.
What is the most prominent in someone's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kinds of images that are cover from the girls' girls.
Mondolish models continue to dominate our pills.
Airport technique is now a routine.
And trends like: the tripoding, it's exploitation, biodiversity and province.
For those of you who know it, it means prosperity means prosperity.
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what the young people are compared to.
But kids are not immune to this.
It's like the superhero stars of sports, and the reproductive singers.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we surely want our children to grow healthy and be very balanced individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capabilities, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They are fundamental activities for growth as human beings and as contributions to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments, they avoid to participate in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical aspect.
One in five are not attending classes at all during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the tests of tests, if you don't think you look good enough, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you'll get a lower note to the average of your peers who don't worry about it.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, United States and China.
And it's regardless of what you actually weigh these young people.
So, to get clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you're really.
The low self-esteem on his body is debating academic performance.
And it's also leaving health.
The teenagers with little self-esteem do less physical activity, they eat less fruits and vegetables, they participate in more not healthy diet than they can take them to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them, and they're at greater risk of depression.
And we think it's all of this by what they make more risky decisions, like alcohol and drug consumption, dramatic diets, static surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and without protection and self-reported damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe that they have overweight, regardless of whether they have any greater rates of anxiety.
17 percent of women are not presented to a job interview in one day where they don't feel safe with the way they look.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity be?
liberating this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking, by itself, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms . The first is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We need to help our teens to develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do that.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of good programs, without realizing, worse the situation.
So, we need to make sure that the program that follows our children will not only have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first one is family influence, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are crucial parties for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
A education is fundamental, but facing this problem requires each of us to take the kidneys in the issue and be a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell the contribution of our politicians in hair cuts or the size of their breasts, or to insist that determination or success of a Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not as they look.
All of us can start doing it by using responsibility for the kinds of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you: When was the last time they were kissing a mirror?
In summary, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to truly change our culture, so that our children grow up valuing all their people, valuing individuality, diversity, inclusion.
We have to put people who are really making the difference in a pedestal.
To make a difference in the real world, let's get them to be the ones that come out in the big screen because only we will create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they believe that they're never seen by being who they are, or achieving what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in your lives.
Who have in mind?
Is your wife?
Is your sister?
Your daughter?
Is your niece? Your friend?
It could just be the woman who are two seats away . What would it mean for her if he was released from that car voice inside, which encourages him to not have long legs, thinner muscle, a more flat wind, smaller feet?
What would it mean for her if we were supposed to overcome this and we would say a lot of their potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is getting us all.
But let's teach our kids the truth.
Let's show that the way you see you is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them because they are and why they do, and as they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in the curriculum of our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compared to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small trips of a year today, they become agents of safe change agents.
So let's do it.
On November 5 , 1990, a gentleman named Ellen South entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Rabbi Meider Kahana, the leader of the Jewish Defense League.
Now, I'd initially pick it innocent, but I'm prisoners for other charges, in the company of others, started to plan attacks at about 12 icons in New York, including tunnels, synagogues and United Nations headquarters.
Fortunately, those plans were frustrated by a FBI informant.
Sadly, the 1993 bomb in the World Trade Center, you couldn't avoid.
Later I would be convicted by his participation in that bombing.
Elligament South is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being he was a Egyptian engineer, with an American mother, a primary school teacher, between the two made all the possible for giving me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which very few, even most Muslims, come to know.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, they don't need a lot to get the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in every human group, there's always a little fraction of people who are so stripped to their convictions that they think you have to use all the possible media for everyone to live like them.
A few months before the arrest, he sat with me and explained to me that in the last weekend, he and some friends, they had been going to shooting in Long Island to practice.
He told me to go with him the next day.
We got to the Carvill shooting pole that, without knowing our group, was surveillance by the FBI.
When I got to throw, my father helped me hold the rifle in the shoulder and explained to me how to aim the target at about 30 feet.
And that day, with the last bullet I gave him to the little orange light on the target, and, for all, , especially me, all the goal that was in flames.
My uncle became the other and in Arabic, he said,``He's abused . ''
From such a parent.
But for everyone, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but only a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
You saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted to put a carriers with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and ran to another 1,000 . .
I admired those men.
I called them``Amy ,"which means uncle.
When I turned 19, I had moved 20 times . That instability during my childhood was not allowed to do a many friendships.
Every time I started feeling comfortable about somebody, it was time to be packing and going to another city.
As I was always my face, the whole face of the class was often victims of mathematicians.
I kept secret my identity to avoid being the white, but to be the new of the class, silent and regular, was enough.
So most of the time, I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons, I didn't develop social skills, to say gently, for growing up under fans, was not prepared for the real world.
I was educated by judging people, based on arbitrary indicators, like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that put my thinking about, was during presidential elections of 2000.
In a presidential program that I participated at the juvenile National Convention in Philadelphia.
My group focused on the subject of juvenile violence, as I had been a mathematician victim almost all my life, it was something I felt so much passion.
The members of this group come from various backgrounds.
One day, towards the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the kids we had done friendships was Jewish.
I took several days to go out to the light, and I realized that there was no animation between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend before, and frankly I felt very proud of having been able to beat the barrier that all life had made me believe that it was infrastructure.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens, a amusement park.
I found myself with people from all sorts of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
The whole life had been taught that homosexuality was a sin, and for extension, all the homosexual were bad influences.
By accident, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most friendly and less critical that I had seen in life.
Having been bullied, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat nice people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I was able to contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what it's like to be gay, but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control.
Then he came the``Daily Show . ''
Every night, Jon Stewart was intellectually honest to my intolerance, and helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways he became my own father at a time when I was desperately needed.
In times, inspiration can come from the unexpected thing, and a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremists, was not in vain.
I had a conversation with my mother one day about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something to conserve in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the tired eyes of someone who has suffered enough with endless democracy and said,``I am tired to hate . ''
At that time, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all of that hatred in your inside.
My real name is not Zach Edian.
I changed it when my family decided to break my father's relationship and start a new life.
So why did I decide to go out and put in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope someone, someday, who is trying to bring violence, can hear my story and understand that there's a better way, which even though I was convicted to this violent and intellectual ideology, I didn't get me fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice.
I do it by the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones -- for terrible pain and losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
By the victims of terrorism, I'm going to talk about those meaningless acts, like rejection to my father's actions.
With this simple I'm exposed to here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents' roads.
I'm not my father.
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you really . Thank you very much.
Right now there's a film that's projected in your minds.
It's an incredible multi-bottle film.
It's in 3D, and it's got lucky sound of what you hear and you see right now . But that's just the beginning.
Your film has scent, tastes and texture.
It feels your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood that are projected to your eyes.
And it's constantly a voice in your conscious thinking flow.
The heart of the movie is who experience all in direct.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of human beings.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal films?
Why aren't we just robots that we've got to do to produce outcomes without experiencing the internal movie?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
It suggests that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is objective.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost all the 20th century, I predict that vision.
psychology studied the behavior obviously, the neuroscience studied the brain objectively, but nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
After , 20 years ago, everything began to change.
Neurons like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Peter said,``Now it's time for science to deal with consciousness . ''
And since then, there was a real explosion, a flourishing of scientific work on consciousness.
And this work was fantastic . It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations until the moment.
The center of consciousness in the recent years was the pursuit of correlations, correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Hawking presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the brain areas that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this remains a science of correlations.
It's not a science of explanations.
We know that these brain areas are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want it to explain consciousness, questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what they correlate.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
It's no offense to neuroscientists.
There are actually no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, I don't tackle the real central mystery of this matter: Why all physical processes in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there an subjective internal movie?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's take a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another phenomenon, like the embryos, like hurricanes, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical users are all cases of emerging behaviors, how the embryos operate, how the hurricanes work, how they reproduce, they adapt and metropolitan the living organisms . They're all questions about objective function.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon: how we walk, how we talk, how we play chess; all of these are questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the difficult problem, the question of why is it that all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here is, the standard paradigm of the emergence, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually still doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientist material.
I want a scientific theory of the autonomous that works . For a long time, I was beating my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end, I came to the conclusion that it didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we're standing at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful, great explanations . We get used to this; physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit on this scheme.
On one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
We don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness, right now, is kind of an anomaly, something we need to integrate our worldview, but we don't know yet how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that are at first crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
His crazy idea is that there is no such problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the internal subjective movie includes a kind of an illusion or a confusion.
Actually, what you need to do, is to explain the objective functions, the behaviors of the brain, and so you study everything that needs to explain.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of the purely reductionist consciousness based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply denial that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I am in a different direction.
In the time that remains, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks: space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern them, like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics.
These laws and the fundamental properties don't explain in terms of nothing more basic.
Instead, they are considered fundamental, and that's what the world is built.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is drawn.
In the 19th century, he discovered that you can't explain electromagnetic phenomena in terms of presentation, presentation, space, time, mass, Newton laws, so I put the basic laws of electromagnetism, and put the electric charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern.
I think that's the situation where we find consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space, time, mass, charge, then by logic, you have to take the list.
The most natural thing would be to put awareness itself as a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not about science.
It opens the way to handle it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts: space, time, mass, physical processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we could be able to engage them in a row.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can put them into a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we're looking for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called pandemic:``bread"by all,``psyche"by mind, every system is conscious, not only humans, dogs, mice, flies, even the Robert Knight microbes, the elementary particles.
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or they think.
It's not that a photon can be full of anguish when you think,``Oh, I always travel at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the pink . ''
No, no.
But the thought is that maybe photons can have some element of raw, subjective feeling, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How would anyone think so crazy?
And part of this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is fundamental.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that although the idea seems illogical, it's much less for the people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful form of finding fundamental laws that relate to the physical process, is to link awareness with information.
Whenever there is information processing, there's consciousness.
complex information processing, like in a human, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing, simple consciousness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years, a neuroscientist, Gilly Tone, took this kind of theory and he developed it regularly with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called fish, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And I suppose it has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible high degree of information integration, a high degree of faith, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a middle degree of information integration, just as significant, degree of pretty important awareness.
But when you get to the worms, microbes, particles, the child's degree would say.
The level of information integration is lower, but it's not zero either.
In the theory of Tony, there will be a different level of zero consciousness.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness: high degree of faith, high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that passion can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but we don't talk about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking explains,``Where comes the fire of equations? ''
From the passionate vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can be used to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically, describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts it fire in equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not in the physical world as a kind of additive.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I, I believe, pandemic vision, has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and can have social consequences and pretty serious ethical consequences.
Some can be illogical.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then I had to be vegetarian.
If you're a Pakistani and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hunger.
I think that thinking well, this tends to transform your visions, while what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and your complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Saturn artificial intelligence system in the movie``Hey"?
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of pandemic information, she has a complicated information processing, integrated, so the answer is yes, it's conscious.
If this is right, ethical problems are called quite serious ethical problems on the development ethic of smart computer systems and the ethics of taking them off.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of complete collective, the planet.
Does Canada have its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk . Right now we have a TED collective awareness, an internal film for this whole group of TED, different from the inner movies of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least is a question that should be taken seriously.
So this pandemic vision, it's a radical view, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer than the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, which is the second one that it's universal.
Vision raises many questions, many challenges, like, how those pieces of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going through the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, probably this is the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to resolve it overnight.
But I think we finally go to discover it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Victoria.
He had a very normal profile, a low amount of education.
I went to school, I joined my friends, I was fighting my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to name for a community prize.
And my parents said,``Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She actually hasn't gotten anything ."And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades . After school, I had a low profile in my mother's hair, and I spent a long time looking at the``Buddhist Salta ,"and``Darwinian's Creek . ''
Yeah, I know that, I.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability outside the equation.
And years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school school in Melbourne, only after about 20 minutes in class 11, a guy raised his hand and said,``Hey, when you give your speech? ''
And I said,``What does it argue? ''
Well, I'd been talking about the law of diffusion for about 20 minutes.
And he said,``You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair, they talk about inspiring things at school? ''
\" Usually, in the act room . ''
And that was when I realized: This kid had had experiences with people with disabilities as objects of inspiration.
And we're not . And it's not guilty of the boy, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our caregivers.
We're not real people . We're there to inspire.
And, in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair, and you probably are waiting for you to inspire . Right? Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm going to be disappointed.
I'm not here to inspire them.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied to disability.
Yes, you've sold us the lie that disability is something wrong, A male, M mass.
It's a bad thing and living with a disability makes you exceptional.
It's not a bad thing, and it's not a bad thing.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one:``Your excuse is invisible . ''
Or this one:``Before abandoning, interpretation! ''
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one, from the girl without the hands drawing with a pencil support by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with orthopedic legs of carbon fiber.
And there are a lot of these images, which is what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term porn deliberately, because they charge a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we engage the disabled disabled of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so that we can see them and think,``Well, for very bad that my life could be worse.
I could be that person . ''
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the story of the number of times that have approached me strangers, wanting to express that I'm brave or a source of inspiration, and this happened before my work had a public profile.
It was as if I'm happy for getting up in the morning and remembering my own name . And this is to be able.
These images, those images match people with disability in the benefit of people without disability.
They're there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something difficult.
We overcome some things.
But the things we overcome are not the things that you can think of.
It's not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term``disabled people ,"deliberately because I'm superintelligent to call the social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live than because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited about it.
It does the things that I need to do, and I've learned to take the best of their ability as you do, and that's what happens to the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything out of the common.
They're just using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to build them in the way we do it, by sharing those images?
When people say,``You're a source of inspiration ,"he says it as a compliment.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they've sold us this lie that disability makes us fantastic.
And honestly, it doesn't.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here boat inspiration, and you think,``Oh God, Stockholm, aren't you sometimes inspired by something? ''
And actually, I know I'm.
Learning from other people with disability at all.
But I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
Learning that it's a great idea to use some barbecue pieces to collect the things that they fall down to me, learning the ingenious trick of how to load the battery of the mobile phone in the chair battery.
Great.
We learn from the strength and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that exceptions and cost us.
I really believe that that lies that have sold us about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude ,"the reason that that is lies is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles before a stars have never done that it becomes a ramp.
Never . To smile in front of a television screen won't get the subtitles for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and running a positive attitude to convert all those books to the braille.
It's just not going to happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl, sitting in his bedroom watching``Buddhist The Salmon"is not considered to be done by anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have such expectations of people with disability that we're happy to get up from bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities, and I want to live in a world where a 11 degree child in a high school school in Melbourne is not a little surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair user.
disability doesn't make us wrong, but questioning what you believe to know about it.
Thank you.
What are the augmented reality and the professional football, with empathy?
And what is the average speed of a golf without charge?
Unfortunately, today just answering one of those questions, so please don't get rid of.
When people think about augmented reality, it thinks in``Minority Report ,"and Tom Cruise by taking your hands in the air, but augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get the augmented reality?
The first step, that's what I wear, the Google Glass glasses.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass is a device that lets them see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what's a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use the Google Glass, under a helmet and know what's running through the $100 miles, the blood hitting your ears.
We can know that it feels like a 110 pound man is chasing us, trying to get rid of all of them.
I've been there and I assure you that it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what it is to use the Google Glass under the helmet, and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the NFL practice, because the idea of the NFL technology is a underwater, and we do what we can.
So let's see a video.
Chris Kleuana: Come on.
It's horrible to be a tagging.
A moment . Come on a little bit.
Ready?
Go!
Chris Kleusel: As you can see, it's a probability of what's being taken in the football field, from the perspective of the keyboard.
You may have realized that it takes people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, cortex from Washington University.
Narrator: Rats 54! mice 54!
Blue 8, Blue 8!! go!
Chris Kleusel: This is a little bit more to the feeling to be in the field, but it has nothing to do with being in the NFL.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and you've asked me in YouTube and Twitter:``You can see from the angle of a field market.
Or a corridor?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get full of it? How do we take it to the next level?
We take it at that level using something called Octobers Rift, who surely many of you know.
The Citizen Rift has been described as the ultimate virtual reality apparatus ever created, and it's not cheap word.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh!!
No, no, no . I don't want to keep playing! No!
Oh, my God! Oh!!!!!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain by having his life.
What's the experience of a fan when we record a video of Adrian Peter crossing the line, getting rid of a tagging with the arm before you run and make an notation? What will be the experience of a fan.
When can I be Messa running through the court, throwing the ball at the bottom of the network, or Fedia making a stick in Wikileal?
What is your experience when it comes from a mountain to more than 100 miles as a Olympic skier?
Maybe you increase sales for adults.
But this is not even augmented.
It's just virtual reality, R.
How do we achieve augmented reality, R?
We will reach the augmented reality when the coaches, the markets and the owners look at the information of what people want to see and think,``How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win games? ''
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win . They give them money.
So, here's a brief clip about technology at NFL.
In 1965, the Baltimore Potter put a shop to his field of field to play faster.
The Super Bowl won that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the match because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL put radio in the houses of the fields of fields and after the defenses.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine you're a player coming back to your group, and you see his next game in front of you, in a plastic view that you wear . You won't have to worry about forgetting a game.
Or to memorize strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if you don't follow their instructions, they lose games, and they hate games.
If you lose parties, you give you a coach.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just a manual strategy manual.
augmented reality is also a way of collecting information and using it in real time to improve your game.
How would it be done?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from the high of the people who are down.
You've got information from the sensations of the helmet and the accelerometer, something that's already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will know to send it.
Bad will have information overload.
This will differentiate the good teams of bad teams.
So, your computer team will be as important as your recruitment, and the data analysis stop being just for nerds.
Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine that you're the field marijuana.
You get the ball and you go back.
You look for an open receptor . All of a sudden, a flashlight on the left side of your view is that a defense behind you is going to attack . Normally, you wouldn't see it, but the A.I . system.
You go forward to the protection area.
Another flashlight is an open receptor.
You toss the ball, but they would stop you.
And the ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land, though, the receptor sees in his view an area of grass that lights up and can modify the career.
It's right, and it's catching the ball, running and angel.
The audience is flattening and the fans have followed the game from every angle.
This is something that will create massive emotion in the party.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
augmented reality will be part of sport because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is, do we want this one to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circus, like our usual entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone what it is like, literally, to be somewhere else.
We know what this technology is worth for.
It generates billions of income per year.
But how much is this technology worth a teacher in the classroom trying to show an abusive how harmful their actions are from the perspective of victim?
How much are this technology worth for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it lives being pursued?
How much is it worth for a Hazarwen Hazarwin or a Neil Deceaseh Tyson trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science rather than quarterly and Kabsals?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is approaching.
The questions we do, the decisions we take and the challenges we face, depend on, as always, of us.
Thank you.
He recently retired me after 23 years of service in the California patterns of California.
Now, most of those 23 years old, I got stuck by introducing the southern end of the county of Marines, including the Golden Gate Bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known globally by their beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean, and its inspiring style.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Goldman Gate Bridge was open in 1973.
Joseph Strauss, engineered head of building the bridge, said that,``The bridge is practically to suicide test.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or probably . ''
But from his openness, over 1,600 people have jumped into their death from that bridge.
Some people believe that travel between the two towers will bring you to another dimension, this bridge has been identified as such, so that the fall from it frees you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that go underneath your soul.
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one every free five to five seconds, the body collide against water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bones, some of which drill vital organs.
Most of them die in impact.
The ones that don't, normally they fall in the helpless water, and then they drowned.
I don't think that those of you who buy this method of suicide is realized from the death of death that they will face.
This is the cable.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 parallel steel inches to the bridge.
This is where most people are before taking out their life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and at its darkest moment, it's very difficult to bring back.
I took this picture last year while this young man talked to an officer by contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the block.
When I started working on the bridge, we had no formal training.
We fought to channel the way through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who have the suicide, but the officers too.
We've traveled a long way since.
Today, veterans and psychologists train new officers.
This is Jason Garden.
I met him on July 22 last year by receiving a call from a possible suicide subject sitting on the heart near the center.
I responded, and when I came, I looked at Jason talking to an officer of the Golden Gate Bridge.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up to two times before New Jersey to try to suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason, he asked us if we knew the story of Pandora's box.
Remember the Greek mythology, Zero created Pandora, and he sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said,``Never, you'll never open that box . ''
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Pandora, and she opened the box.
They came out pests, penises, and all kinds of evil against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us,``What if you open the box and there's no hope? ''
It stopped a few instances, leaned on the right, and it went.
This very nice and smart guy in New Jersey had just taken out the life.
I talked to Jason's parents that night, and I I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how I was.
Jason's parents had been asked.
The collateral damage of suicide affects a lot of people.
I asked them these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved out of suicide?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, it's not just talking, but you need to hear.
I'll hear to understand.
Don't argue, blame, or tell you to the person you know how it feels, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of inflection you need.
If you think somebody is suicide, you're not afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask them the question is,``Other in similar circumstances have thought about finishing their life, have you had these thoughts? ''
Controlling the person in front can save your life and be the inflection point for them.
Other signs to look for: despair, believe that things are terrible, and they're never going to be better, it's implication, believe that there's nothing that you can do about it, recent social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read her card.
She lost his son on January 19 of this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and it's with his permission and blessing that I read you.
\" Hi, Kevin . I imagine you are at TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite numb, but I'm going to notice more moments to realize that Mike will not come home.
Mike was driving Patrick to San Francisco to see the party of the 49 with his father on January 19th.
I never got there.
I called the police of Petrantslum, and I reported it as disappeared that night.
The next morning, two officers came to my house and reported me that Mike's car was down on the bridge.
A witness had seen him jump from the bridge at 15:08 in the afternoon.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been before bad without suffering a real mental illness?
It shouldn't be so easy to end up with it.
My prayers are with you for your fight.
GG, the Golden Gate Bridge, is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery.
Good luck this week, Victoria . ''
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go to the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I refer to me and value.
On March 11 , 2005, I responded to a radio call for a possible suicide subject in the bridge side near the north tower.
I drove my two-wheeler and looked at this man, Kevin Berrus, standing in the sidewalk.
When he saw me, I immediately crossed the railing, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
Over time and a half following, I heard as Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day to come back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, it happy.
\" This is a new beginning, a new life . ''
But I said,``What did it make you come back and give the hope and life another opportunity? ''
And you know what he told me?
He said,``You hear me.
You let me talk and just listen . ''
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from Kevin's mother, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read you.
\" Dear Mr. Brigades, nothing erase the events of March 11, and you're one of the reasons why Kevin follows with us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was climated by help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it's been correctly measured.
I adopted Kevin when I only had six months, completely unconscious of all those inherited traits, but, thank God, we now know.
Kevin is in order, as he says.
We give them thank God for you.
It's honestly in debt with you, Karl Berkeley . ''
And at the end she writes,``P . when I visited the San Francisco General Hospital that night, you would figure out as the patient.
\" Wow I I had to solve it!! ''
Now, Kevin is a loving father and active member of society.
He talks openly about the events of that day and his depression with the hope that his story inspired others.
suicide is not just something I've found at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather is suicide with poison.
That act, despite finishing his own pain, gives me the opportunity to know it.
This is what suicide does.
For most suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about encouraging another person.
They just want your own pain to end.
Typically, this is achieved only three ways: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I have responded, and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and suicide calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too.
One was Jason.
The other one was a man who spoke to him about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three occasions.
In the final airport, he looked at me, and he said,``Kevin, I'm sorry, but I have to go . ''
And he jumped.
Awful, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people that we get to contact on that bridge is not suicide.
In addition, those few that have jumped out of the bridge and living and that you can talk about it, that one or two percent, most of those people have said that the second one that they left from side the railing realized that they had made a mistake and wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge is not only connected with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridges that we do, is something that every single one of us and each of us must be striving to do.
suicide can be prevented.
There's help . There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you what you're not, but in your inside you know what you are, and a question marks you, how do you become that?
I must be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, I'm not alone.
When I became a model, I felt that I had finally achieved the dream I had ever had ever since.
My outside, finally, I was very interested with my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, the ones that I'm going to refer later, when I look at this picture, I think, you know,``You get George, you get it, you go . ''
But last October, I discovered that, just, I'm starting.
We all come up with our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value to release, to get rid of the tax constraints by skin color or by the belief of those who surrounds us.
These are people who always defy the status quo, which is considered to be accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent, I ignored my story.
I think this puzzle is called a revelation.
This is mine.
I was registered as``boy"by born because of the appearance of my genitals.
I remember that my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always wore this t-shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me,``Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head? ''
I said,``Mom, it's my hair . I am a girl . ''
I knew how to self-assemble.
The gender has always considered an immune fact, but now we know that, really, it's something more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought I'm going to be a bad thing, but why the world deals with those of us who want to liberate.
Every day I appreciate being a woman.
I have mom, Dad and a family that accepted me as I am.
Many are not so fortunate.
There's a long tradition in Southeast culture that celebrates gender mystery.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's an Indian goddess, the girls' goddess.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember this beautiful woman came up to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me: this is the kind of woman I would like to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still dressed of man, I met this woman called T. .
It's the director of a transgender beauty competition.
That night she asked me,``Why don't you have been involved in beauty competition? ''
He told me that if she was involved, she would be taken from the inspiration spending and the costume, and that night, he won in bathroom, he won on a chicken suit, and he was third, and he had a third candidate.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was within the world of beauty wounds.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was in terms of beautiful women' beauty, but I can.
I also met the goddess goddess, especially when we traveled to the remote provinces of the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my own green card request that I could go to the United States.
I was resistant.
I told my mother,``Mommy, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a queen of beauty . ''
But then two weeks later, he called me and said,``You know if you moved to the United States, can you change the name and the gender identity? ''
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested me to put two and my name.
She also accompanied me when I was operating in Thailand at the age of 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand, they perform the most prestigious, sophisticated, secure surgery.
At that time in the United States, it was necessary to do surgery before we changed the name and gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license with the name Gene and the female gender.
It was a great time.
For some people, their identity document means being able to drive or be able to get a wheat, but for me it was the license to live, to feel worthy.
Suddenly, my fears looked minimize.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be model.
Many are not so fortunate.
I think about this woman of Marine Alex.
A young woman in New York who was worth living his truth, but, described, he ended his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 in November, we make a global surveillance by the Commercial Death Day.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long history of people who fight and stood in front of injustice.
This is Marsha P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame, no fear.
I'm here, exposing, so that someday there are no longer 20 of November.
My deepest truth took me to accept what I am.
Will you do?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you . KT: Gene, a quick question.
George Rice: Sure . You see, first, thank all of my blessings.
To my family network, my parents especially, my family, that itself is very strong.
I remember all the times that I've been attending to young women, and I've been afraid, and sometimes, when I was called and told me that his parents couldn't accept it, I took the phone, he called my mom and said,``Mommy, can you call this woman? ''
Sometimes it worked, others not . It's just gender identity, that's what's at the center of what we are, right?
That is, we're all assigned by a gender at birth, and what I try to do is put on the table, the subject that sometimes that's not square, and there should be a space that would allow people to be able to adapt, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents with colleagues.
The transgender movement is starting compared to gay movement.
There's still a lot of work for doing.
I should have understood.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all are my allies.
KS: Thank you . Very nice . GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents usually know them for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for his daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malaysia started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007, and when their efforts were honored in 2011, by telling her the National Prize of peace, it became very famous, a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but I'm now his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we look at the history of humanity, women's history is the history of injustice, of inequality, of violence and exploitation.
You see, in patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when a girl's born, your birth is not celebrated.
It's not welcome, not for his father, not for his mother.
The neighborhood comes, gives her mother controls and no one happy to the father.
And a mother is very overwhelmed for having a girl.
When to light the first child, the first daughter, he gets sad.
When it gives birth to the second daughter, they become shocked, and, with the hope of a child, when you shake his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal . .
Not just mother suffer, but the daughter . The newborn daughter, when it grows, suffers too.
At the age of five, when I should go to school, you stay at home and school admit to his siblings.
Until the age of 12, somehow, it has a good life.
It can be fun.
It can play with your friends on the street, and it can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when it comes in the adolescence, when it comes to 13 years, it was banned to come out of his house without a male attack.
It's confined to the four walls in your house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the honor call of his father and his brothers and his family, and if you transmit the code of that honor assumption, he could even kill.
And it's interesting that this assumption code, not only affects the life of a girl, also affects the life of the male male members.
So this brother, sacrificed the joys of his life and the happiness of his sisters in the name of honor . .
And there's a number more of the patriarchal societies that are called obesity.
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet, very humble and very subtle.
It's the criteria.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be quiet, and it accepts your father's decisions and your mother and the decisions of the elderly, even if you don't want.
If you get married with a man who doesn't like or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be useful.
If you get it very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they will call it disaster.
And what about the end?
In the words of a poet,``The married, they touched it, and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson of obesity to his daughter and the same honor lesson to their children.
And this vicious cycle continues and continues.
I wanted brothers and sisters, when Malaysia was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like newborns, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt incredibly honored.
And a lot before I was born, I thought about his name, and I was fascinated with a legendary fight of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawi from Madagascar, and he called my daughter like this.
But when I looked at it, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line from my name, and I wrote,``Bad . ''
And when she grew up, when I was four and a half years old, I admitted it in my school.
You know, why should I mention the administration of a girl in a school?
Yes, I should mention it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, is a great event for child life.
You're going to get in school means the recognition of its identity and his name.
An admission to school means that he's entered the world of dreams and aspirations where they can explore their potential for future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks before, when I was beaten the Canadian bombsight form, and I was in the relative part to the family, I couldn't remember the Apple of some of my sisters.
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sisters written in no document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give to my sisters or his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence and the sanctity of my daughter.
I was encouraged to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encourage you to go with me to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to instill them in their personality.
And this was not just for her, just for Malaysia.
I've taken all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike.
I used education for emancipation.
I taught my daughters, taught students, to forget the lesson of obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called southwestern call.
They wanted brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It was called the Taliban.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
The girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use veil and stop going to markets.
The musicians were silenced, the little girls and the killed singers.
They suffer millions, but they talked about, and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and hold when you talk for their rights.
It's really frightening.
By the age of 10, Malaysia got up and raised by the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, he offered himself for the New York Times documentary, and I talked about every platform I could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spread like a light bulb around the world.
And that was the reason that the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and nine of October , 2012, they shot to burn in the head.
It was a fantastic day for my family and for me.
The world became a great black hole.
Whereas my daughter was discussing between life and death, I whispered to my wife,``Should I blame for what happened to my daughter, your daughter? ''
And I was like,``Please don't blame.
Definition cause fair.
They put your life in play for the cause of truth, by the cause of peace, and by the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired by you and joined.
They were both on the right path, and God will protect it . ''
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malaysia was in the hospital, and he had severe pains and severe head headaches because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that spread through the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained.
I used to say,``I'm fine with my smile tourist and the excitement in my face.
I'll get good . Please don't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us, and it was controlled.
You wanted brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist in the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children' rights and women, it's like any 16 year-old girl.
He cried when it didn't end up.
It fights with his siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me,``What about special in my tutor that has done so bold to malaria so brave, expressive and equivalent? ''
I tell you, I don't ask myself what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
I didn't cut their wings, and that's all.
Thank you very much.
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you.
I was operating from the brain 18 years ago, and from that day, the brain science has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineering.
And I want to tell you I recently have joined the Mongolia group from Google, where I've had a divide to my charge -- the Google X visualization division, but all the work that I'm going to talk about today about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you're in a brain operation.
Are you still as smart or not?
Don't you be like that, can you become smart?
After the neurosurgeon, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the dead part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what quantity to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I did nothing, he would die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I have to decide about combinations and chemicals, and try to get them, to follow life.
More than once I've saved myself.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided I would experience to try to get the doses, because there really doesn't have a clear map that I'm saying in detail.
I started testing with different mix, and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the doses changed dramatically my autism, my sense of who I was, my way to think, my behavior with others.
One particularly awesome case: For a few months, I tried doses and typical chemicals for a man in 20s, and I was surprised to see how my thoughts changed.
I was always fundamental, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and, of course, many times in the past, I've met several guys like this, or maybe some passionate versions.
It turned out as an extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrogant.
In fact, I was trying, a lot of insecure, fixing a problem that I had in front of it, and it just doesn't happen.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my dose.
But, I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through . Since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to achieve, when we adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on, was to reclaim my intelligence after the disease and the operation -- my creative thought, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think almost always in images, and that became my key point of reference: how do I get those mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to? I try new ideas and recreate situations.
This kind of thinking is not new.
philosophers like Hummar, Descartes and Hobbes see things similar.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Today, there are people who are questioning this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works . To me is simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative and invention thinking.
So, after several years, it manages to find the right point, and I have lots of great mental, very, very sophisticated, very sophisticated and structured.
Now, I'm working on how to bring these mental images from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what happens if a movie director would be able to use your imagination just to run the world in front of it?
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, like the way that creative people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments made by two groups of destruction in neuroscience.
Both used MRI technology, image for functional magnetic resonance, to represent the brain . Here you can see the brain scan made by George Gates and his Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the scan of a person who looks at an image.
The average column shows the scan of the brain of that same individual as it imagined, watching that same image.
The column on the right is created by restoring the content of the central column on the left . You see that the difference is almost cloud.
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagining seeing that same picture is almost cloud.
Now, let me share another experiment . This is the Jack Gallery lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to turn brain waves into reproductive visual fields.
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment, we showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they scanned their brains to create a great rise of brain reactions to video sequences.
Then, I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and while a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using only brain information of the scanning, decided to show what looked like the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the computer codes, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This leaves us books.
We're pretty close to doing it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now remember that when you see a picture, and when you imagine that same image, it's believed in the brain that's the same mapping.
This was conducted with the brain scanning systems of more available resolution today, and their resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do that.
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes.
I don't offer that.
Many are providing new projection techniques for images, even me, counting with the recent result of MRI, first we have to ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the road?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets, but at this point, larger magnets only offer small improvements in resolution, not increase by thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of bigger magnets, let's make better magnets.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements, like doing a spirit.
And why does this care?
In the last few years, a large amount of effort at MRI were to make really big magnets, right?
However, most recent advances in the resolution of ingenious solutions and brilliant solutions in coding and decoding, in the transmitter and frequency receptors of FM radio in the MRI systems.
At the same time, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we use magnified magnetic patterns to the frequencies of FM radio.
So, by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of processing from FM radio processing, we can increase massively the information that you can extract in a single scan.
In addition, we can then split our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
By using MRI, we should be able to measure not just the fluid of blood that's oxygenated, but the hormones and neuroscience that I mentioned, and perhaps even the direct neural activity . This is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go through language and communicate directly through thinking?
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filters?
You thought the Internet is big.
These are big questions.
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to Alzheimer's cure and disease.
We have a few more options to open this door.
Anyway, they choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine it will take much more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you this night about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have guns.
His closet may be telling someone for the first time that you love it or tell someone who is pregnant, or telling someone who has cancer, or any other conversation that you've gone through in life.
Every gun is a difficult conversation, and even though our topics can vary tremendously, the experience of having lived them and getting out of that gun is a universal thing.
It's scary, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
Many years ago, I was working at South Side Walk Walk, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through various phases of the intensity of logic military: I'm not going to run my armpits, I'm going to quote the letters of Ann Di France as a litany.
And I'm going to be slope that by the Dutch of my short screen, and because I had taken my head, I was completely asked,``Hey, are you boys or girl? ''
And it would appear a uncomfortable silence on the table.
I'd appreciate my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a anger . .
The father would take the newspaper uncomfortable, and the mother would launch a cold look at his son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and I would help it.
And I came to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a boy between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
He would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
\" Are you a guy or a girl? ''
A family silence, but this time I was prepared, and I was about to get filled with the female affairs at the table . I had the Betty Friedman quote.
Global Steinem dates.
Even a fragment of the``Vagina Monologues"I would show.
And so I breathe, and I went down and looked at my backs a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what's not a challenge for a feminist owner, just a girl with a question,``Are you boys or girl? ''
And so I breathe back again, I put out about it, and I said,``Hey, I know this is something confusing.
I have the short hair like a kid, and I see a kid clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, like you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more than the kind of girl of a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that little girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said,``My favorite pajamas is violent and has a fish.
Can you give me a block, please? ''
And that was it . Just``Ah ,! You're a girl.
What about the package that I asked? ''
It was the easiest conversation of all I ever had.
And why? Because the girl's girl and I, both, we were honest with each other.
Just as many of us, I have lived in some arms in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a rainbow.
But in the dark, you can't know what color is.
You only know how one feels living in a closet.
That's how my closet is not different from yours or yours or yours.
Surely, I'll give you a hundred reasons why to come out of my closet was harder than coming out of your own, but this is the thing: The hard is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me that I'm going to explain somebody who has been declared in broken banking is harder than saying it's been fooled?
Who can tell me that this story I tell is more difficult than telling your five year-old son who are going to divorce you?
There's not something harder, it's just how hard.
We have to stop rating what's difficult to what's difficult to what's difficult for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our arms, and we should only feel empathy because we all live in something difficult.
At some point in our lives, we all live in arms, and they can make sense, or at least safer than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you that no matter what their walls are made, a closet is not a place to live.
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I have a horse tail, a high-resolution and high shoe shoes.
It wasn't the military library prepared to fight any four years who would enter the coffee.
I was frozen by fear, curled in a corner of my dark closet pushing my greatness gay, and moving only a muscle is the most scary thing I ever ever did.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my entire life trying not to disappoint them, and now the world turned back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't release that grain, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable grenade launch was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of the individuals knew that it was gay, and when I do my honor ladies, my black dress and the heels, walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents were, people who knew me.
And after talking a moment, one of the women shouted,``I love Nathan Lane! ''
And the gay story battle had started.
\" Aha, did you ever in the Castro? ''
\" Well, yeah, the truth is we have friends in San Francisco . ''
\" Well, we've never gone there, but we heard that it's fabulous . ''
\" Aha, do you know my Antarctica star?
It's really good, and he has never talked about having girlfriend . ''
\" Aw, what is your favorite TV program? ''
Our favorite program? Will and Grace.
And you know who love it? Jack.
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman, discovered, but in hopes of desperately showing her support, to get me know that I was on my side, finally said,``Well, sometimes my husband uses pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the grain launchers.
Surely, it could have been easy to figure out where they felt messy.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were expressing.
And what else can you ask someone, but to work?
If you're going to be authentic with someone, you have to be prepared for the authentic you get.
That's how hard conversations continue without being my strong point.
Ask anybody to come out with.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three of the Girls of Pantaians.
Now, please see this through gay perspective, but you understand that what it implies to come out of any closet is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Listen to armor . Be yourself.
That girl in the cafe had no armor, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be genuine, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be direct . Just say it . Rassetian your patches.
If you know they're gay, let me go.
If you say to your parents that maybe they could be gay, they will maintain the hope that that could change.
Don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more importantly -- leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You're never apologize for that.
And some of you can go out safe wounded, which they have done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of them will be disappointed, but something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not of you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find in a dark closet, you're going to know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you, Boulder . Enjoy the candle.
Intelligence, what is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has been seen, a productive example has been the famous quote of Edgar Dicks that``The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of if a submarine can swim . ''
When Edgar Dickens wrote this, he did this as a critic to the computer pioneers like Alan Turing.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
We went back a step.
First we start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that you're from a alien race, which you don't know about the biology of the Earth or the Earth's or the Earth's or intelligence of the Earth, but they have incredible telescopes and you can look at Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can look at Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as Earthlings, we know that the reason we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from a alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that it has no concept on Earth's intelligence, you would see forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, up to a certain time in time, the asteroids that determine the surface of a very mysterious planet stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question as understanding the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that led to a number of years ago, I looked through a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines, that pointed out, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology, for example, there's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be financially adjusted to the development of intelligence, and in particular, for development of universal states that maximize diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic movement planning, there's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to make complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked, for now, several years ago: Is there a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues?
Is there just an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is . What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent of an E = my intelligence I've seen.
So what you're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force, F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keep the open options, with a force T, with the diversity of possible features, yes, to a imminent future time, tau.
In a nutshell, intelligence doesn't like to stay trapped.
Intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so, having in account this equation, it's natural to ask: What can you do with this?
How predictive is it?
Does it predict the level of human intelligence?
Does artificial intelligence predict?
So I'm going to show you now a video I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more disorder, or entropy, during their life should have a more favorable trend for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that technical connection between entropy and intelligence instinct a deeper relationship?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the long-term entropy production, but actually arises directly from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called English, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system that is inside.
Amazingly, entropy was able to pass multiple animal intelligence tests, play human games, and even earn money by eating actions, all of it without it would have been done.
Here are some examples of English in action.
Just like a foot human without falling up, here we see English who automatically equilibrium a post-conflict.
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave English a goal.
He just decided to balance the pole.
This balance ability to have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This ability of tool use will have applications in smart manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, just like some other animals can cooperate by throwing out the opposite ends of a rope at the same time to release food, and here we see that entropy can make a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
English is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
So for example, here we see it successfully playing a power game against itself, illustrates its potential for play.
So here we see English orchestra new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keeps with success the good connected network.
This same capacity of network orchestra also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see English organizing the routes of a boat fleet, discovering with success and using Panama Canal to expand the global level of the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to problems in autonomous, logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see English spontaneously discover and execute a business strategy, self-assemble in a simulated series of action negotiation, successfully increasing the assets under their exponentially.
This risk of risk management will have wide applications in finance and insurance.
Alex Shikburgeo: What you've seen is that a variety of smart cognitive behaviors such as the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation, all derived from one equation, leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a profound irony.
Let's go back at the beginning of the use of the term, the``Rum ,"there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion.
The machines would get up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to reverse.
It's not that machines first become smart and then megabaths and trying to make the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all the possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise directly from taking control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the goal.
They often ask me: How do you look for goals to get off this kind of framework?
My equivalent to that statement to pass the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence, is the next: intelligence should be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid constraints in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at an inflection point in human history, something between the conquered of stars and losing the planet that we call home.
Although, in the last few years, we've been very excited about our knowledge of how Earth fits in the context of the universe.
The Kepler mission of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars, which points to Earth is only one between billions of planets in our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the light intensity of stars when planets go ahead of them, and block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler show the sizes of the planets besides the distance of them and their mother star.
Now, this helps us understand if these planets are small and rocky, like the terrestrial planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
At the same time, this gives clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this treasure of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is falling under the weight of humanity.
2014, it was the most hot record.
Glass and sea ice that have been with us from millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused at the global scale have rapidly overcome our ability to disrupt their course.
But I'm not a weather scientist, no astronomer.
But I study the ability of the planet influenced by the stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet . .
It could be said to look for alien opportunities in the developer sector.
Now, as someone really interested in search for life in the universe, I can tell you that the more I look for planets similar to Earth, more enjoy of our own planet.
Every one of these new worlds invites a comparison between the planet recently discovered and the planets that we know better: our solar system.
Take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rock, and even though it's a little further from the Sun, you can consider a potentially livable world shown this for a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we study so much Mars.
Our Rovers like``Curiosity"tracking its surface in looking for clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the MRI mission, take samples from the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
The private companies now offer not just short space flight, but also the chance of living on Mars.
But even though all these Mars images remind us to the deserts of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the cutting-edge ideas and pioneers, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the rising area of our planet that still remain to colonize, really exuberant places compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and highest places of the Earth, the air is fresh and full of oxygen expressed by our tropical forests at thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement for Mars colonization and other planets will drag with a big and sad shadow: the implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect there to save us from this information that we know is really habitable, Earth.
So, I like to do an international exploration, and I'm deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagining that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the party of the Titanic will have place later in the wild boats . Thank you.
But the targets for international exploration and the Earth's preservation doesn't get caught.
No, they're actually faces of the same coin: the goal of understanding, preserving and improving life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world as alien landscape.
They just get closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and inspiring areas of the land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment: Fermi paradox.
Many years ago, the Enrico Fermi physicist asked,``Imagining that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there were many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of alien life existence until now . ''
Well, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to Fermi's paradox is that when civilizations become highly advanced enough to consider to live between stars, they lose the notion of how important the planets were driven by this development.
It's arrogant to think that only international colonization will save us from ourselves, but the planetary preservation and the performance exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to use hostile environments for the human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task of preserving the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own house.
And while I was in the front porch, looking at my pockets, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see by the window they were at the dining table, where he had left them.
So I quickly tried to open all the other doors and windows, and they were all right closed.
I thought to call a surgeon, at least I had my cell phone, but to midnight, a crowd could take a long time to get, and I cold.
I couldn't go back home from my friend of Jeff to spend night, because I had an early flight of Europe in the next morning, and I was aware of my passport and my suitcase.
It would be expensive, but I'm sure that no more expensive than a middle night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, I went out well.
I'm a profession neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
It releases cortisol that increases heart rate, and the levels of adrenaline and the collaboration.
And when I got to the paper show at the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started wondering, if there was something that I could do, systems that could put in their place, who prevent that bad things happen.
Or at least, if bad things happen, they minimize the likelihood that it's a total catastrophe.
So I got to think about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't crystallize.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kammando, Nobel Prize winner, and a little embarrassed told him that I broke the window, and that I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called prosperity retrospective.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written about this a few years before, known as the premier.
You all know what the consumer is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what came wrong, right?
In the lungs, as Danny explains, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong, then, try to figure out what it can do to prevent things happen or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk about with you is some things that we can do in the form of a present.
Some of them are evident, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, it will destroy a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds like common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis, based on how our spatial memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to do a tracking of the location of important things, where it's good, where the fish are, which uses fruit trees, where the friends and enemy tribes live.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that's added in London's taxis.
It's the part of the brain that allows the squirrel to find their nuts.
And if you ask if somebody really did the experiment, they cut the holistic sense of the squirrels and still find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose keys, reading glasses and passports.
So, at home, they get a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For their passport, a particular box.
For their reading glasses, a particular table.
If you get a place and you're surrounded with it, you will always be there when you look for them.
What about travel?
Take the cell phone a picture of your credit cards, lead to drive, passport, send it for mail to themselves so they're in the cloud.
If these things are lost or steal, this can facilitate the substitution.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases cortisol.
The cortisol is toxic and interconnected the thinking.
So part of the previous practice is to recognize that under stress, we will not be at the best moment, and you have to put the systems on their site.
And there are perhaps not more stressful situation than when you're faced with a medical decision.
And at some point, we're all going to be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or a loved self, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'm going to talk about a very particular medical affect.
But this is written as a prosperous for all of these medical decisions, and in fact, for financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from which they would benefit a rational assessment of facts.
So let's suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says,``I've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little high . ''
Everybody knows that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, heart attack, stroke.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says,``I'd like to remind you a drug that will help you reduce the cholesterol, a state . ''
And maybe you've heard about the statistics, and you know it's one of the most contested drugs in the world today . It's even likely that you know people who take them.
So you think,``Yes, I remember the state! ''
But there's a question that you should do so, a statistics that you must ask from which most physicians don't want to talk to, and pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for NASA, the number needed to treat.
And what is this, NASA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or use a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And you should think, what kind of statistics are that?
The number must be one.
My doctor wouldn't be reminded if I didn't help.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not a doctor's fault, and if you blame someone, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms.
But the U.S. estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only about 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needed to treat the most widely recipe state, which you think is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This according to the research of cynical researchers James Groundun and Pamela Harvard, confirmed independently by Barbara.
I myself explore numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before we avoid a single heart attack, stroke or another adverse event.
Now you may think,``Well, one probability in 300 of my cholesterol.
Why not, doctor? Give me the recipe anyway . ''
But then you should ask for one more statistic, and it's,``Hell of the side effects . ''
For this particular drug, the side effects are produced by five percent of the patients.
And they include terrible things: delivered muscle pain and articulate pain, basic pain, but now they think,``Five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still to take medicine . ''
But a moment.
Remember, under stress, you don't think of clarity.
So let's think how to look at this over time, so you don't have to make the reasoning chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped, five percent of the 300 have secondary effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get out of the drug that you help you the drug.
I don't say they should or not take the state.
I'm just saying you have to have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethic requires it, it's part of the beginning of informed consent.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not . .
Maybe you're thinking I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number needed to deal with it is quite typical.
For the surgery that's done more in the older men, externality of cancer prostate, the number necessary to treat is 49.
That's what it is , 49 surgeries for one person who has helped.
And the side effects in that case are produced in 50 percent of patients.
They include the implications or the erectile dysfunction, the urban awkwardness, the straight length, the fecal inconsistency.
And if it's lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just last year or two.
So the idea of the credit is to think about time before the questions that you can argue to drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all this in the act.
And they also want to think about quality of life.
Because you have a choice many times, do you want a shorter life free of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now with their family and their loved ones.
They can change the heat of the time, but unless you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases cortisol under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that a lot of systems are going on.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator, you don't need the digestive system, or the liberty or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to fast . They could be the lunch of lions, so none of that matter.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments is rational logical thinking, like Danny Khamania and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that all of us are flawed.
We're all going to fail at the time.
The idea is to think about the future how those failures could be, to put the systems in the place that will help you minimize the damage, or to prevent bad things happen in the first place.
Rebound at night of snow in Montreal, when I came back from my journey, my contractor set me a combination of combination next to the door, with a key to the front door in the same, a easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I haven't ordered, and lots of emails I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: piano,``P"is my favorite musical symbol.
It means to touch softly.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a``P"in the score, you need to touch more gently.
Two feet, even more soft.
Four p.m., extremely smooth.
This is my drawing of a feet tree, and you see it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of feet there may be, you can never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence: a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs, the Atlantic, also a little bit of my own story.
The French sign language came in during the 1800s, and over the time step, it mixed with local signs, and it developed the language that we know today as AIDS.
So, it has a story about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
But now I realize that it's not true at all.
The sounds are a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sounds, it's like I lived in a foreign country, following your rules, computers, behaviors and norms without questioning them.
So how do I understand sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my loudspeakers and amplify sound.
Learning and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond.
So I've learned, for example ...
\" Don't suck the door! ''
\" Don't make a lot of noise to eat the potato bag of chips! ''
\" Don't mistake, and when you're eating, make sure I'm not going to raise the covers on the dish . ''
This is all called``sound tag . ''
Maybe I think of the sound tag more than the average person does.
I'm super survival of sounds.
And I'm always waiting with nervous neuroscience, about which it's coming next.
From there, this drawing.
TEDx, for deciding.
ABC, to continue.
TBa, to announce.
You can see that the penguin doesn't have notes in the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle and blobs.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the sign for``permanent"in the Atlantic.
A typical penguin has five lines.
However, to me, I'm going to make my thumb, so it doesn't feel natural.
That's why in my drawings, I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic residence there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painter.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries, and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that moment, sound was the trend, and that was called me.
There was no visual art; it was all auditory.
Now the sound has entered my art territory.
Is it going to be more than art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like that.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it's not only experienced through your ears.
I can feel it tactile, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the property of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And all they had taught me in the sound, I decided to leave it and make it.
I started creating a new work body.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I received.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control: social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was oblivious, it was something of a listener person.
And sound is so powerful that it could be delivered to me and my artistic work, or I could be empowered.
I chose that I'm going.
There's a massive culture around the language talking.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is as if I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me equal and become my voice.
So I'm able to be relevant to the current society.
So in school, at work and institutions, I work with a lot of different performers from ATM.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be listening.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when you ask your voices, I'm able to keep a temporary way of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I didn't continue with this practice, I feel that I could get on the forgotten and not have any social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, I developed in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and ATM.
For example, a musical note cannot capture and express fully on paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in Atlanta.
The two are very spatial and highly modulate that means that subtle changes can affect all of the signals as well as sound.
I'd like to share a metaphor of the piano, so they understand better how the Atlantic works.
So, imagine a piano.
The Atlantic is divided in many different grammar parameters.
If you assign a different sign for every finger while you touch the piano, like facial expression, the movement of the body, the speed, the shape of your hand, and so, while you touch the piano, the English is a linear language, like it's just one key language.
However, the Atlantic is more like a chord, you need the 10 fingers simultaneously to express a clear or idea concept in AIDS.
If only one key would change the chord, it would create a completely different meaning.
The same thing happens with music in terms of tone, timbre and volume.
In AT, by using these different grammar parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the sign``failure in that . ''
This is the sign of that.
I'm seeing you.
I'm looking at it.
Oh, I got caught.
There.
What are you looking at?
Ah, good!
So I got to think, and if I see the Atlantic through the lenses of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the``day"sign, the sun comes out and it gets.
This is``all day . ''
If you repeat it and reduce the speed, you visually look like a piece of music.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can be said from``all night . ''
\" All night . ''
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to thinking about three different types of nights:``night ,"`` overnight ,"`` all night . ''
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in AIDS and how the distance of the body can express changes in time.
For example, one is a hand, a hand, two, it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back.
So the first example is``a long time ago . ''
Then,``past"--``used to"and the last, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time,``Once . ''
\" common time"is a musical term with a specific pace of four times per company.
However, when I see the word``common time ,"I think automatically at the same time.
See DNA: right hand, E: left hand.
We have the penguin through the head and the chest.
[ Face], MD, flower paw . [[ Time Common] [On the] [unclear] [, I'm going to teach you a shape of the hand called``Florida Florida . ''
Can you do it with me?
Everybody with the hands.
Now we're going to do it so much in the head as the chest, something like``common time"or``at the same time . ''
Yeah, very good.
That means``love"in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this one . Please do it with me again.
And now this.
It means``colonization"at the Atlantic.
Now, the third one . Please take me again.
And again.
It's``lighting"in the Atlantic.
Let's do the three together.
\" Love ,"`` colonization"and``lighting . ''
Good work.
Look at how three signs are very similar . They all happen in the head and the chest, but they transmit very different meanings.
It's amazing to see how the Atlantic is alive and thriving, just like music.
But today, we live in a very authoritarian world.
And just because the Atlantic has no sounds, automatically doesn't have social value.
We need to start questioning what the social value defines and allowing the Atlantic to develop its own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people will understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn AIDS, and you have to hear to learn music.
The Atlantic is a rich treasure, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dennis Kabulin: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents told me,``You can get it all, but then you have to clean it . ''
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination took me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocence bubble or an ignorance bubble I have to say, because adults lie to us to protect us from the horrible truth.
By getting older, I learned that adults are also consuming and they're not very good at cleaning each other.
Time happened, now I'm an adult and teaching citizen and invention at Hong Kong's School Kong.
You don't have to wait for me to wait for my students to walk around the beach with lots of garbage.
So as good citizens, we cleaned the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it's, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's something spooky.
And in the last decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks, to collect those plastic chunks to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collected this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those enormous boats.
So along with my students, with ages from six to 15 years, we dream to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this job of labor with an alien height, so that children very low can also participate.
And I'll tell you, children who manipulate electrical tools feel great and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collected the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of their fragmentation.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something that we expect.
We decided that instead of collecting pieces of plastic, we just collect information.
By using a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- kids are very excited about robots.
And then we quickly created what we call``a prototype . ''
We're so quick in the creation of prototypes that we end up before lunch.
And we transform light bulbs and web cameras in accessories and we assemble it in a floating robot that will slowly move through the water and the plastic we have there, and this is the picture captured by the robot.
We see the plastic pieces floating slowly through the sensor while the computer of the edge process this image and measuring the size of each particle, to get an estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step-by-step on a website called``Institutes ,"with the hope that someone is best.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and boom, they're trying to fix it immediately.
[ I can investigate my local problem] But my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children.
You see the news, they consume the Internet, and they stumbled with this image.
A child, maybe 10 years old, cleaning a oil spill, just using the hands, in Sunday, the largest mangrove forest in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that you drink, it's the water where they are bathe, the water where you fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that water is brown, mud and oil as well as brown color, and when everything gets mixed, it's very difficult to see what's in the water.
But there's a simple technology called spectroscopy, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can add through all kinds of substances that produce different spectrum, which can help identify what's in the water.
We outfitted this prototype with a sensor and sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
[ I can investigate a problem at a distance] I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further, maybe to address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they have a number of giant waves, called tsunami, and those tsunami tsunami destroyed several cities on the east coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives Fukushima nuclear power plant, a nuclear center near water.
And today, according to reports a 300 tons average are still leaking out of nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all of the Pacific Ocean has controller areas for 372.
If we go to the West coast, we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it's safe, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've returned to Fukushima every year from the accident and researching independently with other scientists, land, river, and we wanted to take kids.
Of course we didn't take them, parents didn't allow them.
But every night we informed the control center -- here's the use of different masks.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did because they're going to have to live with the radioactivity all their life.
Along with them we discussed the collected data that day and we talked about what we were going to do after, the strategies, the publisher, etc.
And to do this, we created a redefinition map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the elevation map, we introduced pigment to represent data in real time of radioactivity, and we sprinkle water to simulate the rain.
So with this, we could notice that the radioactive dust was leaked from the top of the mountain to the board system and destructive in the ocean.
It was a rough estimate.
But based on this, we organized a civil expedition, the closest to the nuclear power to date.
We got closer to five miles away from nuclear power, and with the help of fishermen in the area, we were collecting sediments from the sea milk with a sediment tracking as we invented and built.
Here we see a progression: we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple codes.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage that we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all of these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small, so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's in the center of Hong Kong, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optics, basically, can be built almost out there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children's dreams can become reality with adults, and where adults can be children again.
Students: acceleration! acceleration!!
Search Harvard: We ask things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of advanced age population transforming their standard wheels in new electrical vehicles?
The plastic, oil and radioactivity are terrible legacy, but the worst legacy we can leave to our children are lies.
We can't afford to protect kids anymore, because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So scientific citizens, creators, dreamer, we need to prepare the next generation to be concerned about the environment and the people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin domes, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other of a single silk thread.
One is synthetic, the other organic.
One is in the environment, the other believed.
One is designed by nature, the other for her.
Miguel angel said that when he looked at the market in brutal, he saw a figure that fights for being free.
The bottom was unique from Michelangelo.
But living beings are not bound.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, the cells, we take all the information what's required for every cell to work and to replicate.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the design world has been dominated by rights of manufacturing and production in mass.
The assembly lines have been doing a world made out of parts, setting up the imagination of designers and architects to think their objects like the uniforms of discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find human material assembly in nature.
Think about human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with dead pores.
The backs of the back are more thick with small pores.
You act mainly as a filter, the other mainly a barrier, and yet it's the same skin: there are no parts, there's no assembly.
It's a system that would gradually vary its functionality by the variation of elasticity.
Here's a split screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect to currently work between the core and gene, between the machine and the organization, between the assembly and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis, shows in the two screens after me.
My job, at its simplest level, tries to bring these two visions in the world, coming from the assembly and getting to growth.
You probably wonder: why now?
Why wasn't this possible about 10 or even five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a weird moment, where four disciplines are offering to access access to tools that we had never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We designed objects, products, structures and tools through scales, large-scale, like this robotic arm with a 24-year-old scope of diameter with a vegetable basis that someday not very far to print entire buildings, and graphs to nanometer genetically modified microorganisms that shine in the dark.
Here we have reinvented the jealous, an archetype of ancient Arab architecture, and it has created a screen where every aperture is a single size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt . This was for a Paris's fashion parade with Friends van Herbie . It's like a second skin made from one piece, recorded in the contours, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing collaborators, we printed this layer and false 3D for the cells . I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combining rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a CIA scanner.
That designers have access to this high resolution analytical and the synthetic instruments, allowing products to adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the very structural, comfortable, and also it absorbs sound.
Professor Carter, my collaborator, came back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this irregular surface pattern, it becomes solar-powered.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which will vary in stiffness, agency and color, correspond to the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, will vary its functionality not by addiction of another material or another assembly, but by changing continuously and defining material property.
But is the ideal nature?
Aren't there parts of nature?
I wasn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was a young man, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them was left, and I got to define a lot of what matters to me.
Like she said,``In the third day of creation, God sent Earth to grow a fruit loaded tree . ''
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches, leaves and fruits.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the Earth was growing trees with branches, cortex, workshops and flowers.
The Earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself,``What would design be if the objects were made from one piece?
Will we go back to a better state of creation? ''
So we looked for the biblical material, the kind of material of fruit tree with fruit, and we found it.
The second most abundant biology on the planet is called rain, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs, scorpions and butterflies.
We thought that if we could tune their properties, we could generate multinational structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal shellfish . We asked a lots of carbonates to shrimp, we put them up and we produced the coastal paste.
By cutting chemical concentrations, we've been able to achieve a wide range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
In order to print the large-scale structures, a system was built with multiple excited excitement bonding extremism.
The robot could vary the properties of material on the march and create these structures made from one single material , 3.5 feet long , 100 percent recyclable.
When the pieces are ready, you let them dry to find a natural way to the contact with the air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain physical microorganisms that appeared for the first time on the planet , 3.5 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Along with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we built the bacteria designed genetically to capture the carbon of the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without the problems of a mesh, and if it gets further, to windows.
A fruit tree loaded by fruit.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed for biodegradable, put in the sea, feed the marine life; and put on the ground, help grow a tree.
The adjection for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep the life for international travel.
To do that, we must master bacteria and control their flow.
So as the periodic table, we did our own table table: new forms of life created collectively, manufactured in additive and augmented ways.
I like to think about synthetic biology like liquid alchemy, only instead of getting precious metals, they synthesize new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called microscope.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, two microorganisms were combined.
The first is the biochemistry.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater ponds.
And the second, E. coli, the bacteria that was in the human intestine.
You turn light in sugar, the other sugar consumption and produce useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microorganisms don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothing.
Think of it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution for design.
In order to contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract, which will help you flow these bacteria and to alter their function.
So we started growing those channels in the human body, changing the properties of material according to desired functionality.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we designed more transparent channels.
This portable digestive system, when it would be from one end to another, it's about 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine.
And here it is, as at TED, our first portable photographer, brilliant liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shelley said,``We are competitive creatures, only half is made . ''
What if design would provide the other half?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue and sustain our bodies?
Think of this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to come back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printing material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do this.
It grows . I added with sophistication.
This guideline of the worm, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which it's metabolized.
It's not an additive manufacturing approach to this level of sophistication.
It does it by combining not from two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations.
An act as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, putting those fibers together.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm is set up in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then starts to thread a computer of compression.
tension and compression, the two forces of life, manifest in one material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we put a small magnet to the head of a silk worm, to the spinneret.
We put it into a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the architecture of the silk worm.
However, when you put silk worm into a flat patch, not within a box, we realized that I would have a flat capital, and still metabolizing.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding, and we've discovered that the shape, the composition, the structure of the cocoon, is transmitted directly by the environment.
It's often serving silk worms to death inside their cocoon, their silk gets rid and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plates could shape raw silk without boiling a single cocoon.
It would be manufactured by a lot, and we could create these things.
So we climbed this process up to architectural scale.
We had a silver robot making silk boards, and we put ourselves on our site.
We knew that silk worms migrated into darker and cold areas, so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or openings, to block the rays of light and heat, distributed the silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the caterpillars.
We asked 6,000 silk worms to a online silk farm.
And after feeding them four weeks, they were prepared to philanthropy with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding, and as they were whistling, they were coming up, they put eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and he was right.
So, the biological silk on the released silk silk, they give all this pavilion its integrity.
And in a little over two or three weeks , 6,000 silk worms take 6,000 miles.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
The moth, after the ecology, they produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra pavilions in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk thread through a robotic arm, the other empty.
If the last frontier of design is to give birth to products and buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers must bring these two visions in the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
So here's a new age of design, a new age of creation, which led us from an inspired design in nature to a nature inspired in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we're charged by nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked them,``What do you want to be more? ''
If you had to remember how old they had when they first asked this?
You can show the fingers.
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question``What do you want to be more? ''
It has caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question,``What do you want to be more? ''
The problem wasn't that I had no interest, but he had too much.
In school, I liked the English, the killing and art and developed websites, and also, played the guitar in a pine band called telephony Freedom.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And generally, I like to test and persist anyway, for having dedicated a long time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But with time this sense of boredom, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it gets to poison me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, which is totally different, and I'm going to get away in it, and I'm going to absorb, and I'm like,``Yes! I've found my own ,"and then again this point where I start to suck.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to go into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how it was going to become a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, to deny all my other passions, and to get bored.
Another reason why I was so anxious was a little more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong with this, and something bad about me not to define anything.
I was worried about being frightened, or being dispersed, or to self-designer or to my own success.
If you can relate to my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I'd like to have planned then.
Ask yourself, where they learned to allocate the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it: they learned from culture.
We're first asked,``What do you want to be more? ''
When we have about five years.
And the truth is that nobody cares about what you answer at that age.
It's considered an naive question to provide cute responses in kids like,``Be astronaut"or``being dancer ,"or``I want to be pirate . ''
You're going to try to show the Hollywood disposal here.
This question is done over and over again as we grow up in various forms, P, here, high school students are asked to be asked to choose in college.
And at some point,``What do you want to be more? ''
It's going from being the cute exercise of before what it takes us out of sleep.
Why?
While this question inspired kids to dream with what they might be, not inspire dreaming with everything they might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when somebody asks you what you want to be, you can't respond with 20 different things, even though you're good, you may have been laughing and say,``Oh, what nice, but you can't be craftsmen of violence and psychologist.
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Children, and he's craftsmanship of violence and psychotherapy.
And this Amy Ng, a magazine of magazine, business, business and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of focused life is very idealized in our culture.
It's this idea of fate or the real voice, the idea that each of us has something to be devoted for your time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But if you're somebody who's not connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that wake up your curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that framework.
And so you can feel just.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feel that there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong on you.
You're a multi-bottle.
A crowd is someone with a lot of interests and creative activities.
It's a show to say.
It could help if you divide in three parts: multiple, potential and doubt.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a scholar, a Renaissance . .
During the Renaissance time, the ideal was who was well seen in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Shermer is referred to us as``scanners . ''
They use any term you like or invent one.
It seems like a kind of adapt to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see the multiplicity as a limitation or choice that you must beat.
But what I've learned by talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths by being this way.
Here are three multi-to-face superpowers here.
One: ideas of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in the intersection.
Shaw Hany and Rachel Binara expressed their interests shared in cartography, visualization of data, travel, mathematics and design, by founding Massachu.
Massachu is a company that creates geographically inspired jewelry.
The Shahotto and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his ecological skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where new ideas come from.
And the Muslims, with all their backgrounds, can access a a lot of these points of intersection.
The second multi-bottle superpower is fast learning.
When the Muslims are interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're wired to be beginners, for having been many times in the past, and this means that we have less fear of testing new things and out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are transfer to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to each new area that we're chasing, so we rarely started from zero.
North Sudan is a full-time journey and independent writer.
As a pianist, pianist perceived an incredible capacity to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest known mechanism.
Before we become a writer, North, it was financial planning.
He had to learn the earliest sales mechanics when he started their practices, and this ability helps to write compelling launches for editors.
It's rarely a waste of time to be devoted to what you get to you, even if you finally leave it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge into a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have foreseen.
The third multi-bottle superpower is adaptability . It's the ability to transform anything you need in a given situation.
Abed Cautura is sometimes director of videos, others, online pages, sometimes consultant of Kickstarter, sometimes teacher, and sometimes apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because he can take diverse roles, depending on the needs of their clients.
Fast Company defined adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and improvised that they are the individuals and organizations that can pivot to satisfy the market needs, which really will thrive.
So, sorts of ideas, rapid learning and adaptability: three skills where Muslims are very adept, and three skills that you could lose if they're preserved to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest to encourage the Muslims to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multidimensional problems right now, and we need not conventional creative thinkers to address them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly, knowing they wanted to be a pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong on you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are built from a specialist and a multi-bottle multi-bottle.
The specialist can dive deep and put in practice, and the crowd offers a breadth of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that harmony with how we're connected.
And unfortunately, the Muslims in large part of them are encouraged to just be more like their fellow partners.
I once said this, if there's one thing you take from this talk, I hope it's this: reconstruction with the inner cable, whatever it is.
If you're a heart specialist, then, especially for all media.
That's where you will give the best.
But for the Muslims in the room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes, I say to you, reward with your many passions.
You follow your curiosity for those rabbits of rabbit.
They explore the intersections.
embracing our internal wiring leads to more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, multi-to-face, the world needs us!
Thank you.
In 2001, a woman called Acumen, they brought it to a psychiatric in France.
He would go down and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alaska.
They didn't know how to help Agan, but I was blown by it until, unfortunately, it passed in 1906.
After his death, he did a autopsy and found strange, short plates in the brain of Agung, of a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If he had been alive today, we couldn't give her more help than the people who gave him 14 years ago.
Aaron was Dr. Allen Alzheimer.
And Afghanistan, the first patient in getting a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1903, medicine has advanced a lot.
antibiotics and vaccines have been discovered to protect us from infection, a lot of treatments for cancer, antiretroviral for HIV, state stations and much more.
But it has been progress in the treatment of Alzheimer's.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million than, by the way, to include many of you.
If you expect to live up to 85 years or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's going to be almost one in two.
In other words, there's the likelihood that they spend their golden years with Alzheimer or helping to take care of a friend or loved with Alzheimer's.
Already in America, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today, it's the most expensive disease, and their costs set up a five times in 2050, as the baby's generation is aging.
It may be surprised, but Alzheimer's is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the top 10 causes of death around the world, Alzheimer's is the only one you can't prevent, cure or even slow down its development.
We understand less than Alzheimer's than of other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause: lack of consciousness.
Because this is what a few people know, but everybody should be: Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last hundred years, everybody, even scientists, confuse Alzheimer with aging.
We think that it will be responsive in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only a picture of a brain of a healthy aging brain compared to a patient's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to depending on a severe loss of memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's significantly reduces life expectancy and is always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer found plates and weird chickens in the brain of Acumen a century.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
We now know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that's folding like an origami.
There are places on the paper that are sticky.
And when it comes right, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay outside.
This makes protein molecules stick each other, forming groups that can form big plates and chickens.
That's what we see in the brain of patients with Alzheimer's.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are many steps, and the identification of what step is complex, like destroying a bomb.
Cut a wire could do nothing.
Currently, you can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that block it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of them have reduced the wires and expected the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, geneticist, chemicals, physicists, engineers and mathematicians.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process . Now you're testing a new kind of drugs that blocked this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our last results.
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet.
Let's see a few videos of what happened by testing these drugs in worms.
These are the healthy worms, and you can see they move with normality.
These worms, on the other hand, have protein molecules that stick each other within them, like in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms in a early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research as this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 11 years of waiting, there is real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to beat Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to be aware that Alzheimer's is a disease, and that if we try, we can beat it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have been more research and exercise pressure about governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators.
That was essential to advance the treatment of HIV in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't speak for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, caregivers of their loved ones day and night, are often too keen to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's is not, in most cases, a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Acumen, which can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help speak for them, and help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Times column in January this year.
To fall in love with somebody, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience by testing myself a night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers get together to make 36 questions increasingly and more and more personal questions, and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple questions.
Number 12: If you could wake tomorrow with a quality or ability, what would it be?
Number 28: When was the last time you cry for another person?
And just?
As it goes forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30: -- I really like -- Tell your couple what you're grateful from him or she -- I'm very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to somebody who you've recently met.
When I stumbled on this study a few years ago, a detail really struck me, the joke that two of the participants had spent six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but, of course, I was also intrigued.
And when I had the occasion to test this study, with someone I knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to fall in love.
However, we fell in love, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the Lovel Modern column a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's August, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself,``Are you still together? ''
And the reason I think you're questioning this is because I've asked this question over and over in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published, it was very nervous.
I'd been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been honored to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entry can come to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually only from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times will probably reach a few thousand views.
And that took a good charge of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he gave, I had no idea.
The article published a Friday line at night, and already Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And Sunday, I've already called the E Show and the Good Mountain American.
In a month, the article received over eight million views, and I was, to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust by writing with the sincerity about themselves, but something else is to discover that the loving life of a has been international news, and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, they always did first the same question: are they still together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search for my email's mailbox with the phrase:``Are you still together? ''
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed on radio and asked.
Even, I gave a talk, and a woman screamed to the stage,``Hey Mandela where is your boyfriend? ''
And I immediately got red.
I understand that this is part of the treatment.
If you write about your relationship in an international journal, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the research of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have taken life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valencia, including the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first impulse for all of this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both did a public approach together.
The TV interviews, and I refused the photos of photos of us two.
I think that I was afraid to become the denial icons of the training process, a range for which I didn't feel at all qualified.
And I understand that people didn't want to know if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked, I mean, if it was able to produce enduring love, not just an adventure, but real love, enduring love.
But this was a question that I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially that people asked the wrong question.
How do we know if we're going to get together or not, and also tell it?
If the answer was not, would the experience of making these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in 1997, and there, the goal of the researcher was not producing romantic love.
Instead, I sought to foster interpersonal approach between college students, using what Aaron called sustainable openness, progressive and reciprocal.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study did work.
The participants were feeling closer after doing it, several previous studies also used the Doctor rapid protocol of Aron as a rapid way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between police members and community, and they've used it among people of opposing political ideology.
The original version of the story, which proved last summer, which combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a small liberal arts university, and then a student came to me and said to me,``I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed described by it.
I said,``Do you mean you love the person who did it? ''
Well he made a pause.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said,``But did they become better friends? ''
Did you feel that they were able to know better after testing the study?
The seat.
So, it worked ,"I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29 and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, which I knew virtually all my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or I could live without him.
So I got in science.
I researched everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could somehow vaccinate the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I just researched for the book I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I was amazed with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and I used to feel like I felt so.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love . I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I'm looking for.
But I can also see more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than you can reasonably demand me.
What's looking for love is a guarantee, not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but to keep being loved by the person I love.
It may be the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told about 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to love.
There may be a way to be able to mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very appealing story, because love makes us feel wonderfully, but it's also terrifying.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story you ask: are you still together?
And his content with an answer of yes or not.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like,``How do you decide who deserves your love and who's not? ''
How do you stay in love when things are complicated, and how to know when to cut and distance?
How do you live with the uncertainty that inevitably makes a relationship? Or even more, how do you live with doubt of your partner?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So, if you want the brief version of the story of my relationship, it's this one, a year ago, and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But in love, it's not the same thing as staying in love.
It's the easy part.
So at the end of my article, I wrote,``Love didn't happen . ''
We stay in love because we took the choice to be.
And I get a little bit about reading it now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, I hadn't considered everything that was supposed to be.
I won't consider how many times we would have both to make that decision, and how many times you have to keep doing that choice without knowing whether he will always choose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answered 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so generous, nice and fun and express that choice in the largest newspaper in America.
But what I've done, instead, is to turn my relationship in the kind of myth that I don't really believe.
And what I'm looking for, and what maybe spending my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the happy ending in the title of my article, which is, by the way, the only part of the article that actually didn't write.
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose somebody, and the hope that he's going to love me also, and it's terrifying, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a little bit of lesbian lines, and in a way, I was like a forest.
something that really affected me, but more details later.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
He took a wooden box, and he buried a a a dollar, a pen and a fork on it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example how we eat the spaghetti.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has grace because here I am , 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a given moment, I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from exclusion and make surfing and all those weird things -- and I was making a a colleague for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I gave him all the pages, and I made a kind of climbers attached to the Agnes Martin, the resin covered, and a bee was trapped.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more resin in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: In some ways it seemed like it was growing up, as if you were to look at the text with a magnifying glass.
So I did? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronics, frogs, strange bottles that I was going through the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate to them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that my God can draw in space.
I can flow around, draw the same thing that's done around a predator in the crime scene.
And I pulled out the objects and created my own taxonomy of invented specimens.
First, bankers -- that you can make an idea.
And then I made some strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resin layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Silicon.
It was great, man.
At some point I was interested in the human form, natural size sculptures with drawings of human beings within the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I was dying.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin was going to kill me.
And I was going to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in the glass layers, similar to the drawing in a window, then another window, and another window, and had all these windows together that formed three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and I could stop using the resin.
So I did this for years, and my work is a very big thing, which I call``traffic . ''
For the tropics, I was inspired by Himbabilite Bosch's``The Garden of Delight"by Himbabilites Bosch who is a painting at the Prada Museum in Spain.
Do you know?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well,``Tripodone ."I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
5.5 meters long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left is Jesus and the locust.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, to this indicator of analog mesh where they hide.
This is where creatures with animal heads are headed to the headlights, ready to suicide in mass in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised from thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a cliff.
Billy Graham is in the sea; the horizon -- the personal platform of the Walker spill, the Spanish bin Laden, there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, also a kind of woman.
It's coming out of the ocean, and it's shooting oil in a hand while the other hand comes out clouds.
Their hands are like balls, and it seems like a material that keeps Earth and cosmos in balance.
So it's a traffic aspect.
It's a narrative.
That's the hand that I spit in.
And then, when you go on the other side, it has a trick, like a peak of bird, and you spit clouds from this bottle.
It also has a 50-year-old tail of a snake tail that binds the traffic.
Anyway, his tail gives fire to a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ended up in a colony balloon made of terrorist cards in 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards of terrorists.
Very ahead of your time . This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects: one is called psychologists.
It's a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material being encyclopedia, dictionaries or magazines.
But each of them acts as a kind of archive in a human, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at a time.
They're like cells, they come together, they divide.
And you can walk between them . It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a microscope microscope that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This has a little cave on the chest.
That's the head; it's the chest, you can interview the entrance.
I'm going to take you up for the rest of the body: there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or the penis, or whatever it has, a kind of an individual thing.
It's a quick report of these works because I can't explain it for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a particular body in half.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that come out and go into the head of this strange statue.
There's a little forest scene inside the technical cavity.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box . It's called Pink Words.
Inside of this box there is a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio emitter, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spread all the content that we do in the world, and a garden.
We move the box and all the people in the inside collide with each other as particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you redefined who is and the box that he's living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we're different, these concepts of countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with sweetness and usually we're going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you give them your head?
They take an aspirin.
But for this pill to have effect against pain, first go through the stomach, the intestine and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and independent system so that any drug supply effect in the body.
The downside, though, is that when you bring any drug down, it's dilute.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, they serve to decrease the amount of virus in the blood, and increase the memory of CPU cells.
But they're also known by their high side effects, mostly negative, because in the time they take to reach the blood current, they dilute, and worse even for the time they take to get to their destination, which is where it's more important: in the warehouse of HIV.
These are the regions of the body like the lymph nodes, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is linked, and it doesn't easily go into the bloodstream of the patients that are being applied to the regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the disruption of treatment, viruses can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with today's drugs that is a lifelong treatment of life that goes oral.
One day, I sat, and I thought,``Could we get the treatment directly at the warehouse of the virus, without the risk of the drugs of drugs? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers, the answer was in front of me: the lasers, of course.
If you're used in dentistry, for the care of the diabetes and surgery of diabetes, they can be used for anything imaginable, including the extracellular transport of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill in extremely small holes that open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
Maybe they ask,``How is that possible? ''
We sent a very powerful, laser ray on the cell membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microseconds.
Before you even notice, the hole is immediately repaired.
We're now testing this technology in vitro or on petri plates, but the goal is to take this technology to the human body, apply it to the human body.
\" How is that possible?"you can ask.
Well, the answer is through a three-digit device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an incision in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an inject that distributes the drug, releases it directly on the site of infection, while the laser is used again to keep the open cells.
Well, this doesn't look like a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV in the body.
Yeah . A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researchers -- in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
So in the last decade, I've been studying non-lethal groups: armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or military.
I document what these groups do when they're not shooting.
My goal is to better understand these generators of violence and study ways of encouraging the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost all conflict in course because the war has changed.
It used to be a dispute between states.
No.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-governmental actors.
For example, from the 211 peace deals between 1975 and 2011 , 1966 was signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we have to understand these groups; we should even be involved or defeat them in any process of successful conflict resolution.
But how do you do it?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do, but nobody analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and political policies are related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less defeat, without global vision.
Today's armed groups are complex organizations.
For example, the Leopard Health, known by their violent face against Israel.
From his creation in the 1980s, Help has also established a political party, a social services network and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Hamas, known by their suicide attacks against Israel, also administration the Gaza of Gaza since 2007 . .
So these groups do more than just shooting.
They're multitasking.
They set up a complex communication machinery: radio stations, TV channels, Internet websites and social networks.
And here you have the ISIS magazine, printing English and published to recruit.
armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising of funds, but through profitable businesses, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals, they put out professional training programs or microfinance programs.
Help offers all these services and more.
armed groups are also trying to conquer the population by offering something that the state doesn't provide: safety and protection.
The rise of the Taliban in an Afghanistan ripped by war or even the beginning of the NSA ascent, can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But generally, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006, Palestinian Hamas can't understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at the armed groups, we just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, strategy or long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow because they fill gaps left by government, and they emerge as armed and political groups, participate in violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated things are these organizations, the less we can catalog them as a state.
How do you call a group like Hazee?
They dominate part of a territory, they manage all their functions, collect the trash, manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a a rebel group?
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what is ISIS?
The lines go away.
We live in a world of states, with no state and hybrids, and the weaker they are the states, like in the Middle East today, more to intervene and fill that gap, the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counteract these groups, they will have to invest more in not military tools.
filling that government gap has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is also very important to establish and make peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we will understand better what incentives to offer to foster the transition of violence to non-violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles, but we won't give peace or stability.
To achieve these goals, we need long-term investments to fill that vacuum of security, to fill that government gap that allowed these groups to thrive at a beginning.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are veterans, but I'm afraid to accept the feminist of``feminist"would be unfair for feminist.
I'm a feminist, but pretty bad.
And therefore I'm a bad feminist.
Or at least, I wrote an article, and a book called``The Bad feminist ,"and then in interviews, people started calling me the Bad feminist.
So what started as a personal joke destroyed to myself and a deliberate projection, has become something bigger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth, and at the age of 20, I had strange ideas about feminism, these furry women, angry with men and they hated sex . As if that was a bad thing.
Today, I see what women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable response.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that people were using when we insisted that it could be feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation, a taboo and taboo word.
They tagged me as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which he asked too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until it realizes that it's actually that woman, and you can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist, and also, proud of being.
For me, certain claims are irrelevant: women are equal to men.
We deserve the same force by the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want to, free of harassment or violence.
We have right to use easily and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide on our bodies, without legislative control or evangelical doctrines.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to have our other identities.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality, social condition, skills and much more.
We have to have these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evident, but to be clear, I am a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist.
I have another confession.
When I drive to work, I hear music rap particular to all volume.
Even though the letter degraded the women, and I'm deeply offended, classic``jumped Shakespeare"by the Einstein Yank Twin is amazing.
\" Make it true with your wet t-shirt.
Perad, give me, move until you give you the shell! ''
Think about it.
pure poetry, right?
I'm completely mortified by my musical tastes.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including -- all the domestic tasks, but also killing insects, garbage harvesting, lawns care and machine maintenance.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and beautiful things.
I can see``The Bachyard"and the romantic comedy, and I have absurd fantasies of the fairy stories that make reality.
Some of my crimes are more cheeky.
If a woman wants to adopt the Apple of your husband, it's your choice, and I'm not who to judge.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise your children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is wired in a way that makes women economically vulnerable when they choose.
We solve this problem.
Remember conventional feminism that has ignored or disappeared historically the needs of women of color, workers, gay and transgendered, in favor of white, healthy, middle-class, middle-class women.
Listen, if that's good feminism, I'm a very bad feminist.
The next thing happens: As a feminist, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency of putting the feminist in a pedestal.
We hope that they are depending on perfection.
When we're disappointed, we would take them very much from the same fish where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster; I already consider me from that pedestal before you try to put me there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and sector leaders, are afraid of being tagged as feminist.
They're afraid to stand up and say,``Yeah, I am a feminist ,"for fear to what that tag means, for fear, not to be able to fulfill with a little bit of realistic expectations.
Let's take Beijing, or as I call it, La God.
In the last few years, it's a democratic feminist.
In the U.S. Museum Adams of 2014, at MTV, he acted in front of the word``feminist ,"of three meters tall.
It was a magnificent show, seeing this pop star openly embracing the feminism and making women know, and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud.
overlooked time, cultural critics started international debates if Beethoven was or not precisely feminist.
They calculated his feminism, instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perfection of feminism, because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot, we need so quickly.
We go far beyond the dense, constructive critic, to dissect the feminism of any woman, to break it up until there's nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminism, or rather, a more inclusive feminism is the starting point.
But what happens next?
We went from recognizing our imperfections to realize, to go to action and be a little bit more courageous.
If I listen to degraded music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more happy to provide a unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we manage change affecting their profits.
It's certainly hard.
Why has your music to be so sticky?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my nieces, three and four years.
It's two magnificent girls, decide and brilliant, and also very brave . I want you to grow in a world.
Where you're appreciated by the strong creatures that are.
I think of them, all of a sudden, the best option is being passed as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program deals with sexual violence against women as a sport, it's the Turkey Game.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to cinema elsewhere when movies don't treat women more than a decorative objects.
We can stop supporting the professional sports where athletes treat their classmates as bottles of boxing.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual can say,``No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, to participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include a number enough of women, so much to participate to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication, or your organization, is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are supported but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also refuse to be included until more as we are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision-making.
Now, we're not a few fish, without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our accomplishments are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to get to the top, people in the direct power and the producers of cinema and music, CEOs, legislators, people who can make big decisions, more brave, to create a lasting and meaningful change.
We can also confidently claim our feminism, well, bad, or whatever.
The last line of my book``Bad feminist ,"he says,``It would rather be a bad feminist to not be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, above all, because I love my voice, I was stolen, and the feminism helped me get it back.
There was an incident.
I call it an incident to do what happened.
A few guys gave me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated as if nothing was.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after all I don't dare to believe I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And I went back to writing.
It reminds me in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and the feminism, I also found that if I was a little brave, another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world is trying to tell us we are.
In a hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way to think, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little bit courageous, when you need such a brave.
Right after Christmas last year , 132 children in California had a measles for having visited Disneyland or being exposed to somebody who had been there.
The virus then goes through the border with Canada, affecting more than 100 children in Quebec.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a weakened immune system is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century, but many of the kids involved in the Disneyland outbreak hadn't been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly worse: autism.
But a moment, wasn't the article that was unleashed about autism and disappointed vaccines, decoded and tagged by being a fraud by the British Medical Journal?
Don't most of the smart scientists believe that the theory that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity?
I think most of you know it, but millions of parents all over the world are still afraid that vaccines put in danger to their children of having autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician that I had heard about her creating their entire professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed just three or four children per 10,000.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started shooting.
Forget fundraising organizations like autism Spain is routinely referring to autism as an epidemic, as if I could contain another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If you're not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people at the Atlantic Disease Center, what's going on, tend to be based on phrases like``extended diagnostic criteria"and``better detection of cases"to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language doesn't dissipate a lot of the fears of a young mother who looks at the face of his two-year-old son, the eye contact.
If diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s??
Five years ago, I decided to discover answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened is less than to do with slow and cautious progress of science than with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate history of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kanzi, Hospital Johns Hopkins . In 1949, Kansas published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to be private worlds, number people around them, even their own parents.
They could be fun for hours by holding their hands in front of their faces, but they were prey of the panic for the limbs as when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing it.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kanza speculated that autism is very rare.
By the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the topic, declared that he had seen less than 150 true cases of his syndrome while picking up references of places as distant as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because kindergarten's criteria for autism diagnosis were very restrictive.
For example, it was destroyed to give that diagnosis to children, but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
He once was born that he had turned nine in 10 children sent by other doctors to his consultant for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Manchester was an intelligent man, but part of his theories were not closed.
It classified autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold and destroyed parents.
These kids, he said, have been kept carefully in a refrigerator that doesn't leak.
At the same time, though, Kanzi noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that clustering certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before I turned the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said,``Beethoven . ''
But Kanzi had a bad opinion of these skills, affirming things like the kids were just regurgitating what they had heard of their parents, desperate to win their approval.
As a result, autism became source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started to test Darwin's theory that autism was rare.
Lorraine Winky, the cognitive psychologist of London, thought that the theory of kindergarten's mother was quite stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and affectionate people, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susan.
Lord and John knew how hard he was to raise a girl like Susan without support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Lorran and their colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should be done 30 years before.
They did an autism prevalence study in the general population.
They fought a suburb of London called Cambridge to try to find the autistic children in the community.
What they saw was clear that the Manchester model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids couldn't speak at all, while others were fascinated in their fascination for astrophysics, in dinosaurs, or the general of the manufacturer.
In another way, these kids didn't fit in nice and scared squares, as Judith said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the monkey's monolithic model would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one have been perceived from these kids before?
But then London found a reference to a published article in German in 1944, next year to the Kanker article, and then forgotten, buried under the ashes of terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Manchester knew about this article of competition, but I avoided exploring in his own work.
There was not even a translation to English, but luckily, the husband of London spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative history of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Asperger, who would run a clinic integrated with an internal school in Vienna in the 1930s . .
The ideas of Asperger for the teaching of children with differences of learning were progressive for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with music exercise classes, and the kids followed their games in the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Asperger described it as a political disability of life that required compassionate support for supporting and adapted spaces during the course of the entire life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients, Asperger called them their little teachers, and he dedicated to help in the development of education methods that were especially suitable for them.
And fundamentally, Asperger saw autism as a diverse continuum that was going on a surprising variety of gifts and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common, and they've always been, looking at aspects of this continuum in known architects in the pop culture as the awkward social scientist and the teacher district.
He was beyond even saying, for success in science and art, a piece of autism is essential.
Lord and Judith discovered that Kanzi was wrong in which autism was inadequate, as well as parents were the causes.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association Association to expand the criteria of diagnosis that would reflect what they called``autistic spectrum . ''
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes went into a tour, holding the limited model of Kenya by a wide and inclusive and inclusive Asperger.
These changes didn't fall in broken sacks.
So coincidentally, when Lorran and Judith worked between basements to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before I came out,``Rain Man"in 1988, just a small circle, I knew what autism was, but after the inspiring of Dusty Hook, as Rama Babbage and the recognition of``Rain Man"with four awards from the Academy, pediatrician, psychologists, teachers and fathers around the world knew what the autism was.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials to use to use autism.
I should no longer have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of``Rain Man"changes in the criteria and the introduction of these trials created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnostics began to rise, just like Lord and Judith predicted, and they were actually hoping that it was, getting people to with autism and their families finally got the support and the services they deserve.
So Andrew Wage came to blame vaccines for increase in diagnostics: a simple, powerful, and seductive history of creative history as the Kanzi theory that autism was inadequate.
If the current estimate of prevention center that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, the autistic are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles to solve for new medical advances, as the term``neurogenesis"to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, it doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, obviously social, and suffers from a deficit of attention to detail.
Indeed, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Asperger, which believed that cure for the most disabling aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Kosovo Zackers once said,``We need all the hands in covered to make the boat of humanity . ''
As we navigate to an uncertain future, we need all forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste or a brain.
Thank you.
